You know what I do is writing for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more reading in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and skines.
And you know that an ecosystem generally is something that goes on to you.
You just have to turn to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolling.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in St. Ohio where I was the rare of the class.
When they were beaten up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the Power Post who said, "I need to see.
I'm determined that we have never got to know us.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who I know you've ever found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to get excited about this for favor?
Well, the next day we were in Club.
We went to see it, we laugh, we cry, and we realized she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we tried, and we take it out of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman I wanted to meet as an adult came to meet me, he became a child box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, he had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked about was presented in itself.
The essence is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very glad that today was talked about a lot of this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first careers.
I was amazingly.
My heart high fast, I was worked, trying to understand what I was in front of me.
The tigers around me would get out of the water almost 60 meters -- and I couldn't even think that it was a snow of snow on another row year after year.
The tigers are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break the ice barriers down.
Each care has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to give up and they cling up to the end, while others can't afford it anymore, and they were delivered in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a carbon, that they're isolated in separate and alone, largely as we see ourselves as humans.
But the reality is all opposite.
As a hidden hits, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a court goes down, it releases rich fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I approached me to photograph these cards as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these times there are only that way and won't exist that way again.
It's not the death when they melt, it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the cards that I photograph is very young, it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a pitch that I photographed in Kings, Greenland.
It's pretty often a little bit of a serious abuse of it.
Here you go.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the cardiology and your flow line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is an arm of Greenland.
It was supplying from the water about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so the nose, the care shows a different side of his personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, every single one of us taking a baby, OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about it for a moment.
And on this scenario, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X charge of the egg.
And in the other case, the X character of sperm joins into the X charge of the egg.
Both of them look at it and start life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity to take two roles.
In one of my roles I work with the history of the anatomy.
I'm a hospital for training, and what I study in this case is the way people look at the anatomy -- -- -- of human bodies and animal bodies -- how have the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I do in my work is an activist, as patients, or as I say sometimes, persuasive advocate, of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working on, for example, with simulation twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with insults, much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with attacking sex, individuals whose physical therapy didn't fit in the male male and conventional schools.
In general lines, we can call it international.
Interviewer adopted many ways.
I'm going to put you some examples of ways to have a sex that is not encouraged by male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual individual indigenous individual 19th whose genome gene in the chromosome and tells the protocells, that we all have in the fatal life, that they become testing.
And then, in fatal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the synapse of the horrible to the advocates.
So, there are high levels of testosterone but without reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a purely female course.
When I was born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not even puberty, when it's growing up and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and terrible, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but it's not really like this.
Women, like men, have in the body, something called super-controlled glands.
They're in the back of the body.
So the seed glands produce aliens, the hormone of male.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman, does not know its creative structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the advocates.
We produce water and respond to the advocates.
As a result, somebody like me has the most exposed brain to the bolds than the woman who was born with testicles that have the synthesizers to the advocates.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way they can be everywhere.
Another example, a few years ago I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as they were, had girlfriend, and sex relationships with her, he took a life as a boy and he had just discovered that he had ovarian and the territory.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as homeless hyperbolic.
It had 20th chromosomes and in the uterus the supercomputer glands were so active that in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a result, their genitality were magician, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
I was born with a child -- nobody suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal monitoring, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intersection.
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what is known as optimals, which is to say, they have a frog tissue wrapped in testing tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies -- -- -- are indeed, signals or simulation or integration, are supported to normal surgeries not to be able to get better physical health.
People are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity, supposed to be black, means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
It's a terrible idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophic.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of the very romantic individual.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within one body.
The highest recent case is last year with the South African corridor Cassini Second Second Sethophy, and he was put in the scanner of judgment his sex in the International Gates.
Many journalists called to ask, "What do you test to do to determine whether California Semends is man or woman."
And I had to explain to journalists that there isn't such a test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature doesn't take a random line between men and women or between men and enthusiasm and women and entrepreneurs -- we are all of us who take that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more of the science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that correlate directly with stable identities -- they are much more difficult than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology enables it.
As we see, we get into a scanned terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimps.
What are we going to ask about the fact that we have a few nuclear nuclear?
And as we progress in science we get more and more in a uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we drive are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the spheres of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to take a moment from which a body becomes human and it has different rights to the fishing.
There are very heated discussions today -- not in public, but I know inside the medicine, in which someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors had never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of you would put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were moving still they didn't get it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we have to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could be abused to someone like me.
In politics I am progressive, I will lead to people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
I will argue that these categories are much more unstable.
He felt from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first I have to admit that I'm a stressful stress of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and supply and so radical in what they did, that I find each one of us looking at that music, cultured 1748, not for the music, which is totally passed.
That's why it happened in 1772 with the founding parents.
The founding fathers were, to me, the first activists in the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers what our founding parents was the idea of monopoly. The monkey was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it would come to political power for the right blood rights of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding fathers rejected that idea and replaced it by a new analog concept, and that concept was that all men are created the same.
They needed the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomical differences, that was a very radical thing.
And in part they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system that they were doing two things.
It was demonstrating democracy and at the same time a science was born.
And it's very clear, if you look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were dealing with the supernatural explanations and therefore they rejected the concept of super-constructing sponger from a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of independence, they talk about nature and the God of nature.
They don't talk about God and God's nature.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting the basis of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us and was great.
And what happened next?
And women succeeded.
Then he came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from the California Santa Sandwich, who said, "I'm not a woman."
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color that applied to the anatomical currency on the anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Discovery movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at computers, we need to start asking why we keep certain diversity.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean we should get rid of the anatomy.
I don't mean the five-year-old were allowed to have sex relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense, and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if you make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two concepts at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before time, on June 1, 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1, 1980.
For the only fact of being born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other ways in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered men -- I haven't told you whether it's XM: In virtue of being considered men now is possible for the mandatory scanning that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary on his part, it doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman only in some states.
So they still lose anatomical categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science moves so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could delete them?
I don't want to give up to science, but at the same time, sometimes I feel like science scanned us.
Where do we go?
It seems like what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example, Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have a chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice they don't make people criminal exams.
But this is also very strange to give the story that I told you at the beginning of the infection syndrome to the advocates.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I have such a solution, offers a solution.
It says that we should judge people "We are not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yeah, the idea looks very good."
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on their correction?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee people rights, because I have to admit that I know some of them will reduce the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some cards I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mass of their sexual relationships than people of 40 I know.
So how do you put it in practice the subject of the character content thing?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what to happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance of it.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to guide this current thought of thinking about democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the anger in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to being killed, unless you're willing to support a sex change, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made the lights of signals that had been able to give birth twins to then repair them, and so you cut their fame out.
But when the phone asked him the reason for the operation, I was a very risky operation -- he told me that in that other country, these kids would be very slightly slightly slower, and so I had to do it.
And what I said, "Well, has we considered political asylum.
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change the state.
So I think we need to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist -- which is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different anatomic tissues, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
Since years ago, since I've been interested in interconnectedness, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transportation studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the prostate, one of my advice I knew that I was interested in feminism -- and I became a feminist -- as I was now, made me a strange programmer."
"Tell me what the feminist has from female."
And I thought, "It's the stupidest question I've heard.
Feminist has to do with disapproxedunities stereotypes, so there's nothing female in the feminist?
But the more I thought about the question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something female in the females.
I mean, there might be something -- on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very close to finding the way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, from having injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with a collective support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy -- thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect bond, we think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents to it.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they are very much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give it to the world, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owners, and that the other half still needed to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make expansion in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have rules to avoid the embassy and the distribution of construction.
So it would be very hard to do all those explosives.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place make the building rather than putting it together.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reform big enough to support cities and gave them a name, under status.
Later I found out about the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge to reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 homes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Hongers went through a delusion-making competition.
In the next regular elections, Pete Lake is imperfered with a platform in which I promised reforms and at the same recognition time.
He asked October to be his child child.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of reflection, trial and error and a lot of evidence with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under their more essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and beat all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as the rules to progress, and they usually are the rules that prevent us moving forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's look at this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain to you about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York. See, land that, in some cases, is worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion -- and at some point, when there was a party, October said, "Paradox, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under statue is a place where you start with deliberately landscape, a status that is specifically going to apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those rules.
So the president of Honduras. And he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country.
I was asked to go to Mengal and talk about the four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denia and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denia.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the manuals that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that I measure at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody claimed courted.
The public faces were very serious and stuck.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Robbi, thank you very much for his talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer.
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be able to be in Hongs, rather than hundreds of miles away north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the London government leaders would need help from countries associated with, they could benefit from the countries associated with the countries that will help them establish and make the standards of the status so that everybody could trust the status effectively comes in.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a thousand square miles.
And shortly later, January 19 voted in Congress to understand their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed these special regions of development.
In a country that just went through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this construction entrance was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, they study it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to spend twice in Congress.
The 17 of February is approved again in another voting from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21st to 24 of February, a delivery of about 30 tones was to the two places in the world that are more interested in building cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a whole new center of the city that's being built in South Korea, is bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything that you see there was four years old, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come from, and they would allow it to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instance for this new criminal system.
There are urban urban urban currents that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know have already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
There are 700 million people in the world who say they would like to immediately change another place.
There's a million per year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job, sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Hong?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What seems to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my family friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jessica, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public trust, and it is that I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog and crash and colorful and different for every time.
But I didn't buy anything new.
All of my clothes is from the second hand of man flood and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my jaw in the environment and in my wallet in my wallet in the environment.
I get to meet interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause, and my appearance is unique, and to buy it into my personal treatment search.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be my sand?
Would I like color?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I won.
Going back to my value, I want to tell you what I read for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring with someone who has all that clothing?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought in.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
In the inner room for exactly a week is all I've put in my vest.
I imagined it would be able to find everything else I would like to use after coming here to Palm Springs.
And since you don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I would like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do it, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that I think or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
So this is a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see a phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the set, including the jacket, was 55 and the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
London, color is energy.
It's almost physiologically impossible to be from bad humor, when you're seeing a brilliant red painting.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars." The integration is surrounded.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surrounded you from the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Miracles: Gold of the child you carry in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the disappears, or I remember them at the age of seven years.
I like to smile, and say, "Thank you "Oh?"
Junes: Trust is the key.
If you think you look good with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, there's no look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friendship, a six words for you: The dogs are going with everything.
And finally, Sanawa, to develop a personal style of our own and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people approached me this week just by what I was using -- and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I went home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to emotionally jump into these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant waiting -- if there's a little love in my heart and looking for it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the advantage of each hemisphere we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where do you turn your brain on this scale?
Some of these are going to choose for one of these examples, but I think for most of the integritus of this audience, their brain is something like that, with a huge advantage in both of both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're an exciting.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider me one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to manage these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make the experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're going to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says one thing can be just in one place at a time.
That is, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion -- they developed.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught him a very valuable lesson -- which is that big things don't allow them to break them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play parking bars -- they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it quantum mechanics.
At that point we found physics a few years ago, you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition and maybe because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particles.
But he didn't get close to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why I was a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the point of metal I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we do a good approach to the little metal trip.
What we see is a small little bit of metal, with a transportation form, and it will be supported in a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this propeller with the form of swimming paper that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but for it it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people come up to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scare them.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey of travel of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shoots it and the wind that happens to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to get out of all the other passengers to it.
And that's what we did.
We take the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we focus it at a temperature of less than a degree by absolute zero.
Now, by being only in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act like it.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating. And the way he looked at was like a breath in this way -- like a function that expands and contract.
And when we give it a soft push, we could make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that one thing vibrating and not video at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the billions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up to the top and down.
It's just in certain points when those are alien.
In the rest of the time they're declined.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth putting up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference on scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why not you are you?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in several places at the same time. What would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was destroyed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned on the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw the metal followed in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all of the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep strangeness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amazon.
And 18 months ago I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who is here and allowed me to take it out.
It took me 18 months to me.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums from nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo of it.
There are a lot of stories where we did.
I think my own story is just explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
A great education -- I don't buy me, but I didn't have access to many of these museums and works of art.
So when I started traveling and going to museums I began to learn a lot.
And working in Google, I try to actually make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo for then to explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So just we are going to be said.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the U.K. gallery -- the Monday, the Surgive, the Redwood, the Godyway Gang.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites to Mellon, the New York Art museum in fact.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and come and start, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bobby or Microsoft, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?"
We open up the plane up, and with one click, we jump into it.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep forward. They are fun.
Explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Country President of Personal in Mellovel.
I see the E. sign.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here is all subway information.
For those of you who are truly interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains -- I think, about 10,000 billion pounds.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10,000 million pictures?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels here.
It can make it very simple.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to get into it.
So I started play, and I met something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I was a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan Metrop, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "Mallet" which is to hit an ear with a stick of Carter Mars.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective now, I'm going to get out the image, so you'll see really what there is.
Here's where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're rapidly going to jump up again to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The night star."
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pandemics?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this master work?
It increases it and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The night Stanford? I think I'd never seen it like that.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are lots of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Goods.
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion.
You can online, create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, and I've created this function that I call "The power of the Super" -- we just made a sheet around it.
It's about "The Americans in the National Gallery of London.
You can throw things together, send your friends to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masters of masters.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my view, they even don't come from the museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that has been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium does justice to its art work and it is represented by online online.
And the big question you do today is, "You did this to replicate the experience of going to a museum?"
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pick, a flying pick.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'll tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I am from Italian origins, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that something really interesting has happened in Fortune 1 in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a fact of Four Fire 10, take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering -- it's called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components, a sensor and an acceleration.
What's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics in the last few years.
They're becoming computers in the air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
The city is a big thing.
As a note I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be big.
Beyond the cities, all these details, all these devices and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Antarctica for late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "The Moon Mont."
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all existing atoms became sensors, antibiotics.
And that's changing the entire interaction that we as humans have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like Michael Agno dream.
You know, when Michelangelo and Michael Angel sculpt the Moses, he says that he finally took the hammer, and he threw it out to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit below it, and he said, "Please don't participate?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment begins to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and performing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup in the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end Ziggland gave the head.
And anyway, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happened in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Colorado in the middle and the Earth River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
In the early afternoon, there are people here and there doing calls -- moving around.
It starts the game, silence.
Gold de France, Gulf of Italy.
Entrepreneurs, people make a quick call and goes to the bathroom.
Second time. End of recording time.
First extra time, second.
Zight, and at a moment, the head.
Gang Italy, yeah.
That night everybody was going to celebrate it to the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they were all in the center at the center of the winning team and the first minister of it.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the image of the place called Circle Massaches where, from the time the romanticization, people will celebrate -- it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection is not about people, but things that we use and consume it.
Today, we know all about the output of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac -- how they put up.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little over a year ago, to tag what they were doing, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that are going to be thrown anyway.
And then we put a little chip and a tag tag on the trash and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
after a week.
With this information, we realized that there are many inequality in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
complicated things are happening and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we look at the days that the cup that the cup is not going away, it's still somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we throw one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavioral change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague of MIT, Ast Binisman, could tell us a lot more about detecting and many other cool things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zuring.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that you have a catastrophe and valves valves, launches that open and shut up.
It's created like a court of water, with piles of water.
If you go down the pixels you can write on them, show patterns, images, text.
And when we zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bellie.
He liked a lot of it.
And I designed a commitment to design the building to the entrance of the Explorer.
We call it Diameter Palestine.
All the building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows -- but when you get together it opens up so you can happen.
The roof is also covered by water.
And if there's a bit of wind, if you want to minimize the housing, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building, and all architecture disappears, as in this case.
Those days will always be someone in the winter when you go down the roof, someone who was there and he said, "She was the building."
No, it's not that they have democratized it, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is working.
You see the people who are intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am trying to not kill when I test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night it was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zure came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would open up to let me go by, but a building that kept making sheets and holes of water and you had to jump up to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about using use that people will give our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is an image of the building with the physical, the water pixels and the projections about them.
And this is what led us to think of the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that you could have little helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little piece that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, that move with others in synchrony in it.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pictures.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appeared in different scales and sizes, in different types of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D 3D 3D 3D 3D piece that you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the true Florida controlled, going down to form a V, like earlier.
When the light goes up, it looks like this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robin Bonobo -- of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City star and the Milosau Silicon, to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entry for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robin dancing.
On the left you see the pixels -- captured it in different resources.
It's so much 3D digitized in real time like motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and religion.
We want to use this as possible for the Flickry.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called La Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a crisis of clouds, like a grass creature, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everyone get a little bit for a pick.
And I think how remarkable it has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we moved from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of prices in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're prices.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered prices.
You can move inside it, have different experiences.
You can see it from the bottom, serving to share the main moments of the 2111 Olympics. And even more, and it can be used as a way of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can climb up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital struggle at night, but most importantly, it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I told you that, with only a few changes in your genes, they could improve memory, for a more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better way, to be stronger to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like to love it?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
(Audience American Crows." creativity.
How many people are creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. You probably had to have the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you choose memory?
Some more.
And about the physical state.
A little less.
What about long-term?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just just imaginary?
Or maybe possible?
Evolution has been a subject here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a doctor of a doctor on the subject.
The great genetic of the 20th century, TV, Motharts, who also covered at the Origin Russia Church wrote a trial called "The Biologists in biology makes sense of the light of evolution."
But if you really accept biological evolution consider this: it's just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We stopped from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the background there has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of honest.
Some have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes.
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein as creative, completely indiscrimeding from the panels.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take on the most bacteria that the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, you think -- when Antonio Damascus asks you to stand in the attacks -- think about bacteria ...
The gut is a beautifully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's heavy, dark, head, it's very accomplished.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort from their part.
It's really like a fast pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some fishing apple to the output.
But in fact, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what are the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you going to become something different, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast incompassionate symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, like one and only companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That's us.
And it was also the complete part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I recently entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms come out, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes presentation.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body is going into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, self-assembly, self-assembly, sex death seemed quite reasonable at that time, but with every year I was spending more and more doubt.
I got to understand George Burker feelings that still acted in Las Vegas in his 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door.
He opened the door.
And in front of him is a magnificent light dancing dancing dancer.
He looks at it and says, "Mom on search of a sex "sex?"
"All right, say, George, "I choose the south."
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different objective to the goal of evolution, not necessarily contradictive, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to spend genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are as really destiny rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next open level, and then let them fall into the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that I express Woody Allen when he said, "I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the strongest or the fastest and even the smarter.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only trial of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the teeth that can survive the heat of the sharks that will produce -- if there were fish there, fish attached to the cow, yet they've managed to make that a compared environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward at the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been declined and released from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated -- we circulate it, and we will become so much that it is no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional type, natural kind of evolution that is driven by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be that the encrops of evolution are slowed down, but they're inequality.
And as far as the isolation, when as a species, we eat distant planets there are going to be isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there is a third possibility, an attractive possibility and intriguing and terrifying possibility.
The so-called collective call, the new evolution, which is not just natural but written and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and family level.
Think as well, if you were possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or remove the stand?
Would you not want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future that kind of change is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it was 13 years old.
It cost 2.5 billion dollars.
The next year of being done, in 2004, I could do the same job for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20 dollars and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to actually make the human genome reality for dollars, and it's going to be more and more in touch of everyone.
Those changes.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe me or there's no experimental trial in the course of the industry that was grown in the cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the table?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then only two other changes ...
Can you change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their depression?
What if you could change the sperm and the volunteers, or change the venture federal flight, and give their children a better chance of a healthier life, eliminate the diabetes, remove the headline, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt anti-freety anti-way and a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Joseph especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why don't you have a faster control muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be completely.
And when we are in conditions to pass this to the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to make evolution of before in the collection.
We're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have in front of them.
Are we going to use these options in a better society, more successful, more considered?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more very seen?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions deeply?
For good or bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 inches tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making climate, clean, clean.
Clinic, clean, clean, click, scarcity.
Well, I had a single seat that day. I was sitting on the 11.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistant.
So he immediately looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot, the airplane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
I turn out the engines up.
Imagine being on a plane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most unexpected words I've heard.
He said, "Come for the impact."
I didn't have to talk about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was over.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the close experiences I wanted to have, all the experiences I wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that later. I came up with a sentence, which is, "I had bad wine flowers."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it up.
I don't want to throw anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we went through the George Washington Bridge that wasn't very much -- I thought about it. I really feel a great weigh of it.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes. I've tried to improve all I did.
But in my humanity also led to my ego.
And I take the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who do matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with the people.
And then, as a measure of that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
Two years I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
It's no longer trying to be right.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going down, "OK, 14 13.
You see the water approaching.
I'm saying, "Please fly.
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries in those doctors.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of, weigh, die doesn't give fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go, I love my life.
And that sadness is embedded in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my children grow.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not too much artistic talent -- "sure?  And scream.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Especially the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I was given a miracle to not die that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You are flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing happens to you on your plane -- and please not like that -- but imagine how to change ...
What would you do, you still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever.
How would they change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents you can."
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TEDTalk was one of the most important graduates in the 1980s.
He came to her house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a bee in the legs."
And that was the beginning of ALS.
TEDTalk has total parasites.
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to participate to Tony Philadelphia, TEDTalks and its cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, not that I see Stephen Hawking -- not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you're somebody who is important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people.
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the movie "The Shakespeare and the business?
They communicate that way -- they go through the finger.
I said, "That's artist. How can it be?"
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead of that signed a check that I had no idea how I was going to cover it.
He committed me with his brother and his father there at that precise time, "All right, this is the treatment, Tony is going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make your art again.
Because it's ridiculous that somebody who has so much inside their inner can't communicate it.
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called GPS Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser painting, draw about that and register negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come out, they say, they're part of a life cycle.
First of all, they start with the sex organs, then with the bad words, then with the Basis to Bush and at the end, people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentation.
And so it started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of organization to move things back to each other we had a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TV could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's from the most fun thing -- I call it War because when you talk to the guy, you get an email from it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world all over the planet in the planet at home.
My wife, kids and I, we moved to the garage behind and these hackers and programmers and consequences and angry took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we came back to have taken off the walls of the walls and instead there would be graphics.
But for two weeks, we went to the Seam of Rome, my son was a part, my dog too, and we created this.
His name is Eastern "Artists," and you can see the description of it.
It's a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought in the sea country of Venice Beach, some copper wire and stuff from Homo Department and Radio Shadi.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free to build it yourself, we published the free code, the software goes down in a free.
And we create a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company.
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this balance and anti-predictor during the big opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions at night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life, and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the sponge outside of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what was the feeling in the parking facility.
The funny thing was that we had to insert in the parking parking lot, so we felt like we were looking at graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue and pull me out of there so he could breathe.
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our war crime.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing it.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic Phala.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves a lot more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and do it faster and rapidly.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of prize.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were from the guy, "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really great.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up close the circle, is that in April this year at the Geographic center at the center of Los Angeles is going to be an exhibition called "The Tailes."
And "Term's in the Streets, it's going to have the best explosion of urban art, "The Sandwich Farmen, Cambridge, all of them are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the school -- nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible? Anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognize something, and I teamed up with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we meet something we feel like you have to do -- if it's not now, when -- and if I'm not me, who, who, who, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years coming into situations generally very difficult and at the same time a dangerous time.
I went to prison, difficult.
I worked in a coal mine, dangerous.
Film zones in war and difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating this -- funny at first, something hard in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I've been diving in situations in horrible appearance, with the only goal of trying to try to examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and, hopefully, analyze it in a way that you see entertaining and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk on brands and participation wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago, I took a breath in Europe.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered in selling the rights of my TEDTalk name in 2011.
What I had was the next thing, "Mayor Sess President presented -- my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and as content could explore on the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company by doing it.
But this is a very good media opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that saving knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we examined the world of the marketing of the advertising.
And as I said before, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be attracted, for something as hard or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan South: I want to make a film that I deal with the product supply, the marketing and the advertising, and that all the film is funded with product and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to be called "The largest movie ever sold."
What happens in "The largest movie ever sold -- is that everything up to the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the superior subject before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand, Paul Seattle, the Stanford Center.
These people will be associated with the film to prediction forever.
And so the film explores all this idea.
I'm a release that is release. (Music: I just say it. It was more for empathy.
It was "The prediction: forever.
But we are not just going to have the picture of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure that we can pull all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most cool shoe you have used ...
The most cool car that you have led in "The largest movie ever sold -- the best driver you have deployed, coast of "The largest movie ever sold from the mountains.
Jack Korean: The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (Music: make you fund the film." MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You'll see the whole process in this film.
That's the complete idea, the whole film of principle at the end.
And I would love that DNA to help make it happen.
Robert Friday." You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Goo: However, I don't know how recently people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if "Hall is very negative, but you know how it's going to replace it? (Audience: No idea." David Cole, how much money do you need to do this?
MS: A million and a half million -- (MIT Valley, John Kamen, I think it's going to be hard to meet them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brand.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look at a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russian: Most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or for me?
JK: Both things.
MS:  I mean, you're not very optimistic.
So do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. (CA: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah. (CA: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go to go. (Audience: Okay. It turns out the camera.
MS: I thought he called the camera, it meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
The camera means "We don't want to know anything about your movie."
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressive, I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so much people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media stage, is not the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that is going to take the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a coherent mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for images of downtown Google in Google --   this is one of the first images that come out.
I like your way of recording, Sergey Britain. No.
This was the problem, the transparency, free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understood that it is characterized by vision or access of information, especially in business practices, being the last line perhaps the largest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name the name, the president name, even the CEO the name is.
But suddenly when it's actually trying to actually make something change suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  like that weird bear that still keeps riding up.
It's uncomfortable.   Like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risk?
You'll eat an entire bowl of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling us that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell me a little story.
We want you to tell a story, but you want to tell you a history of story.
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie, and that's him looking at how he used to do, he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agent will want to help you -- and that only was because I met John Bond and Richard Kiribation of many years, I realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take out the intersection and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start talking to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films -- enormous films and giant and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies -- giant gigantics, say the reason their movies are so successful because of the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent films say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant films of Hollywood films of Hollywood films ...
And the film is called "The largest movie ever sold."
How are we going to look specifically in Bank in the movie?
Every time I go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Bandanesi Redeside.
At any time for an interview with someone I can say, "Are you good cool for this interview ...
Are you ready? You look a little nervous.
I want to help you to calm up.
Maybe you should give you a little bit before the interview ...
And there's one of these fabulous journalists.
Both "Art Florida, like "Google from Paradox, are going to have its opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman, solid, balloon, in bars, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a popular look.
Karen France." We're a small brand.
It similar to the smallest kind of film that you said, we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that have other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Band?
Band is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the apple.
Man: We talk about something anger, cool.
I think "It's a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus seen smell and summit.
It keeps you cold.
How do you keep a fresh time -- more freshwater, more freedom, three times more cold.
Things like those who highlights the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-material company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man of the street, to people like me, to the ordinary Peters.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your market?
Man: Mammal my market?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: Report the '80s, put it up unless it is a landmarck.
MS: Okay, what is the George Market?
George. Something unique. (Audience: Undorging. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark discontempt.
I like dark colors, a lot of gray.
Usually I take access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic dishese, Mercede Bee.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it the laptop "deal."
Woman 2: In a hypothesis, in part of the sandwich, partly "sleep Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of passwords.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I handed the market.
Man 5: Marine Martin Faire."
Is that something anything?
Allender: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, not all of us can be brand Tom, but I often classify the intersection of dancing and "do tape "doorway?
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help us understand what they call the marketing police.
And I found a company called South Zuble in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Neil Design Hall Hall to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Andy and I write the photos, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way of it?
MS: It's like who I'd like to be me.
I like different things.
I like the weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me the "Big -- what does that mean?
What is the map? Where do you find you now?
Why is it important to recognize? What does red represent?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's just more than you, which is not who you are.
What other meetings have you had.
You have to have fear. What kind of Russian mountains are you?
MS: Ahm." (CA: Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (Audience: Big job.  Yes. (CA: Thank you very much.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linux Zagani: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides but complexity, in your brand personality, the Marcus South South Spanish is a comparison brand.
They look very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to be -- and it's human nature, to avoid things that are not safe -- avoid fear, those elements -- and you actually give them canopy and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are this?
The first here is the classic thing: Apple.
And you can see this here to Tail, Wikipedia, Mine of Mine Colony and Jeff.
Now there are some playful marks and marketers -- those things that have gone and come up with a mining brand, is something pretty powerful.
MS: A minimum marketing brand. What is your market?
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality. What would it be?
Are you an analogy? Are you somebody who makes blood flow fly?
Or are you rather a destination a distant?
A little bit more harder, reserved, conservative?
The apartment attributes are like being cool to be cool like El Prince, contemporary advance, advanced or architecture or autonomous as Edinburgh, fast or glass, programmer, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than distributed?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like '86."
Are you established traditionally, protection, protection -- you identify with Oprah?
You are reliable -- stable, family, reliable -- safe, safe, safe, contrast or sage -- like the Dalai Lama or Wire?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies, supermarkets and desktops, who said, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of neuroscience, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing like movies.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned advertising to free air.
Throughout the city for the last five years, there are no fatter, no parks, no floors, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with impact problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or where I've been more successful are those people who have interacted with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took out the intersections, they took out their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to be thinking about people, which will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? They were successful.
Well, since the movie stayed in the Sunday Festival we take a look.
According to Buring the movie in January, and since then -- and this is not all of it, we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online, no press or TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online. It's not in stations.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this movie has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talk about is telling their customers not being part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take the people out of that, they're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk of risk is preparing all your company to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to not be afraid of the opportunities that they can scare them.
Ultimately, I'm going to move forward, I think we need to give it the fear of fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's add fear. Let's add the risk.
From one card at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And ultimately, we have to hold the transparency.
Now more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk, "We would "And transfer for my good mood friends who by 200,000 bought the rights of the name in Europe.
EM: It will become big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM presents "We "Are the Transistors."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in behalf of transparency, that happened exactly with those 100 percent?
MS: It's a remarkable question.
In my pocket. I have a comparison to the name of the TED Malaria organization, the Saturday Foundation, a $10,000 to be applied to my TED assistant of the next year.
The idea behind the Stanford computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Its greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the European income plant in New South.
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and values, we can cause a lot of problems with centers.
Green boxes don't use the software of Windows -- they are completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus in Windows in a laptop computer used by an engineer to put this gray box, then we are ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows installation.
The fire goes into the gray box, damage the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated, crazy mission.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we began to research on Stanford six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of Windows -- the installed multiple values used to use.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Standard and we saw what happened to this.
So they had very strange things.
Standard was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese, the wave, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese surgery, I realized, and I thought, this is a driver attack.
It's completely driven.
The installation is looking for active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
You don't do anything.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what the goal?
It could be, let's say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we ended up and we gave it out of the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professional armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I would attack for.
You probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Stanford installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old adopting language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at first were called the systems of the system, because we know what they do.
We then looked at medicines and data structures, and we tried to relate them to the real world, with potential targets in the real world.
We need theories about descenties that we can rape or design.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent source, it must be a valuable, and it's certainly located in Iran, because it's where most of the infections have been replaced.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the New Nations.
So I said to my assistant, "I get a list of all the consensus and energy plants between our clients."
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for taking their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital height with the control of the rocket.
The rotate is that mobile part inside the censorship, that black object you see.
If they manage the speed of this rock, you can certainly break it up and even make the focus explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to do it slowly and bend into an obvious effort to go back to the nest maintenance engineers so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We're trying to figure out the big digital face looking very closely at data and structures.
So for example, the number 160 spread in that code, you can't be done.
I started investigating scientific literature about how these centers are built in New York and found that they're structured in what's called a card, and every waterfall contains 160 centers.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These contents in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the care code.
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So there is no malleable -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in the streets without the outside, and we had to start again.
And yet, we discovered that both digital disturns pointed to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The little side is taking a waterfall and doing the rotations and radiologists, and the big birth is communicating with six waterfall and manipulating values.
In short, we're very confident that we've determined what the devilotes is.
It's Nanopathe, and it's just Nanopathe.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are made by Stanford.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw -- really impressed me.
There is the gray box -- and the top is the centers.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still running during the attack with false input data.
And believe it or not, this fake input data is made by Stanford.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is fed from presented video.
Is it great out?
The idea here is obviously not just going to break the operators in the room of control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive, actually.
The idea is to build a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbines are passed out of speed, you have to open heat valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed to it, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit it.
And not the operations and the security system will see it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centers with uranium income.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have to attack this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional technology of worms to displace.
Discovery the most possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up is with a cyber destruction criminal.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attack is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large number of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Rail, has been made public in many sides that people assume the Muslim is the main entity behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Lanish, OK, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one single one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately,
Because, otherwise our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Raya.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you a suburban, or the other thing that makes the users of wheelchair come up and walk back to walk.
In "Google Bibles, we call these robots, experiments.
They're not different from something that is put in the morning, gives you a big force -- that they also increase your speed, and it helps you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the real integration of the man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other foreign ones.
This is not an ironic idea.
So to show you now what we're working on we started talking about the American soldier who, on average, must take on the back of a 40-percent load -- and you're getting rid of it taking even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to consider this challenge and create an exhibition that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HIV -- or Fort Currice Human Christians.
Soldier: With the Hello exoskeleton I can cover 90 pounds per variable ground for many hours.
Her flexible design, allows you to put in the cards to crash and execute movement with great acceleration.
I think what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
England Bentium. We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
So it's a reality.
So let me go back to the users of wheelchair, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people around the world around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation of it.
We talk about something that happens often -- very young people, with damage in the spine that when they start their life -- to the 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging it very quickly.
Their only choice, many times -- by brain injury, or some other complicated -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that for the last 500 years, from its successful emergence -- as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you to the Election who is using Amanda Bong who is 19 years ago in the spine of the column, and as a result he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bong. Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Election, I mentioned it.
It has some sensors.
Not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the computer of the boat, here on the back.
So here are some batteries that give you energy to the motors in the hip and in the knees and they make it moving with this soft and very natural stand.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing down it was paralyzed down.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and everything from the pencil down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Mam, never walked."
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
And the technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn how to stretch down in skin, climb rocks and even ride in a bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the lives of future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the wheelchair -- everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the laptop, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day, where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the feminist of Man Arab or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobo boundaries of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with the chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the currency.
Whereas the chimps are dominated by big guys, terrible, society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where violence is still not observed yet.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understanding of the big apes, though.
They live in the depths of the courtyard forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the hydrogen sandwich, stage from a violent conflict that has been spread for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not to miss that this destruction also put in danger the survival of the Bonobo.
The breast meat trade and deforestation makes you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
But in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these companies?
We know them as the apes "do the love, not war -- because they have frequent sex, promise and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the bonobos is more than the Kanzi Summi.
Bonotures, like humans, love playing throughout their lifetime.
Play isn't just a game of children.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and encourage tolerance and form.
With him, we learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, diversity of behaviors of connections.
And when you look at the Bono game you see the evolutionary roots itself of laughter, dance and human rituals.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild environment.
First of all, it's a Bonobo stream game, and I don't talk about football stuff.
Here's a female and a male male in the middle of a performance.
Look what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, you have the balls of the balls."
I just think that I love him, right?
Yeah.
So the sexual game is common both in Bonobos like in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- and also how technologies, and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is potential.
The game is perfectly perfectly -- it can adopt a lot of forms, some of which are more clean, important, curious, maybe the place where you will reduce wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Fordur, a young woman, who is playing with water staggering.
I think that we sometimes play alone, and explore the limits of our inner and outside worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real sentence of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these abilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation committee.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we look at the maximum of our game capacity?
The game is not frustrating.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans, life is not just cruel and cleaned.
When it seems like the least appropriate play, you can be the moments that are the most urgent thing.
And so primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we redesign creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin House.
When I'm not fighting poverty, filter combat as a captain of captain in a volunteer fire body.
And in our city, where the volunteers complementary to highly skilled staff, you have to get to the fire very soon to get into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a race race against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain I was focused on a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a paragels, in paragel, as her house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just got before I was -- and that was Leonard Luther --  it came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house owner.
The dog, I was tension of the dog.
There was a lawyer or money gesture that, during the rest of his life, I would have to tell people that I walked into a building in a building to save a live being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an advantage.
He said, "Beygee, I need the house to the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire and bring this woman a couple of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I put up the stairs, at the end of the hall, went to the crazy firemen that had just finished taking off the fire and went into the main room to look for a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the ladder where I met my Nanopatch and the beautiful dog on the front door.
We took out of the house for the head of house where, as I was waiting for, his thesis got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of house to match them for the brave effort shown to save their home.
The kindness that she looked at on the other was that somebody had reached him even a couple of shoes.
So much in my home in Robin House as in my voice as a volunteer fire, I witnessed acts of generosity and kindness.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved or they are in achieving remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait to win the first million to make a difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you, I want to do now.
They serve food in a dining shop, clean a park in the neighborhood.
They are mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but each day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So I trained the game, they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark comes back.
Mark Beatretics. Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a big fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea, cement modules from a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit of construction in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us, like buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LED came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly block.
And in a few years, L.A. bricks came to all home.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or houses.
LEDs made it accessible.
LEDs just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advertise, the new building block.
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much bigger and more complex circuits -- one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference. The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are confined to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing leaders.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Lessons are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the supply, blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green and very quickly you can start to make older circuits.
A blue one with one green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulation.
If we change the button by a piece of pulse -- which is here, and now we have an interconnected light.
We added this tooth to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, it's actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connect and stabilize it allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it fall faster or slower -- just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind leadership is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to be reduced to balloon ready to use.
Luxicose, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given the kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light works, or why the door of an elevator is still open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led to the design schools.
So for example, designers without an electronics start playing with leaders like a material.
Here you can see, with paper and fitted bottle bottles and credit bottle creates.
(Audience metaphor."  A few weeks ago, we took the design School of Rhode Island designers who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a contact layer made by movement.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a lander made of platon that has a fear of darkness.
For these not engineers, it became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be in touch of all.
So you have to have open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live, this interactive world, is us.
So ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage you with the environment focusing on the environment.
collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Memorial. Wait for a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge of it.
We can -- we can continue to continue the video on one side.
No.
This isn't it?
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that they are supposed to do, we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called "Actor for American, and it would be like some peace books for teeth.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the mine.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we sent them into the wild world of municipal world.
They did big applications, they worked with municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of the current technology.
You know it.
That's a current of the city of Boston.
Here it comes as if you look for a quote, but what it really looks for is someone cleans it when it gets trapped by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at taking fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask for help in this so singular?
Last year in Boston we had a team of members of "Martin for American.
They were there in February, and at that time I was delivered a lot last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned up these hydrogen.
But one of the members named Erik Microsoft noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with papers right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You agreed to clean it up when you need.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case I put it.
If you don't do it, someone can rotate it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it extends in a viral form.
A responsible for the Hormonial City systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to add toxins of tsunami.
It's very important to work these tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why they ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle. And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens hold the shots off.
And Chicago has just launched it to make people record to clean sidewalks when they were born.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without fractions, in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool so that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that to have done for normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that even time has cost 2,000 million dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that shows in a couple of days and spread in a viral form is a kind of air take to the institution of government.
It suggests the better way to work, not like private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without answers, in the way and generation.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a little autobiographical institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only "Jean for American, but there are hundreds of people across the country who contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to beat with government.
They feel a great frustration for that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost of view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings of politics, the row at the DNA -- "The Australia, and all those other things that make us crazy -- the government is essentially in words of Tim McCannell, which we do together because we can't just be can."
Now, many people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I'll ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change, the government does.
And given the government ultimately emerged from us, remember that from "Well, the people -- the way that you think about it will affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially about recording.
This is the phone care center of service and information.
This is the place that draws the calls if you mark 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
I joined "Darwin in the official knowledge base.
I didn't find anything. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the door of the house, put hard music and see if you go there?"
And it worked. So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the railway.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile phone, called "And Congressmen."
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people at the Office of New African American Medicare.
And one day, this really happened -- this was like, "Drawn on my trash cube. I don't know if it's dead.
How do I take it down?
The dynamics of "Destroy Congress is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In "Design Congress everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, I saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I went to the place, I found the garbage cover behind the house.
Zarachi: Yes. Living? Yes.
I turned the cube back. I went home.
Good night, sweet rides.
Quite simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to be submitted and helping others.
So, a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And it could be connected with government services to be necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we will build the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is it's not the same thing as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but think that one is the entrance of the other.
That our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then hope that government reflects our values and satisfaction our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface of 15 feet.
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that deprive that holds that that belongs to us that we fund as something that is operating against us, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe politics is sexy.
If we want this institution to work we'll have to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Oklahoma movement.
Have you seen it?
It's a group of citizens concerned that they've written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the size of the Seventh Seconds of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been laughing at the government, it's time that we wonder what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we get where we have to go where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in the name of all of us?
We can't deal with government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to force civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act constantly, you just have to articulate systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who is going to talk about -- they're all going to talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem you don't care a lot about to make their voices.
They're using your hands.
They put hands to work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use the hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hyper-contraction, taking off the bullets, making a trash cube that has a running inside.
Since then, we could always have cleaned up those hypertension and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we are not only consumers, not only we are government consumers that we pay taxes, and we get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix the government until we don't fix the city.
So I want to ask all of the present, when it comes to the important things we have to do together, all together, we'll be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row.
I've spent most of my life in marined communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these statements have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, is that TED has identity.
And the things you say here is impact around the world.
Sometimes if something comes from TED, it makes sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they're taught with feeling, they can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's cardiologist, it can achieve a lot more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice, my job.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a math, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the dictators in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1859.
She was born about 1880, and her experience with slavery as the way I saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also love.
When I was little and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good humid.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then shut up.
One or two hours later, I was going to look at it, and he came up and said, "Donate, you still feel my high?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always want to be close to it.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the less than 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and your attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years, I was woke up one morning, I went to the room, and there were all my cousins run.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and he smiles.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she stood up, walked up the room, took me out of my hand and said, "Come Brook. We are going to converse."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and he said, "Great, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone ...
I said, "Okay, Martin."
She said, "Now I'm going to tell you not to do it." I said, "Sure."
And then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know that I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I want you to promised me three things: Brook."
I said, "Mr. Martin."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to ask me is you always want your mother."
He said, "That's my dinner, and you have to promise that always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mark, like that.
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to ask me is that you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is how hard.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom, I'll do it."
And then finally he said, "The third thing I want you to ask me is that you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year old year and a younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer package -- I don't know where he pulled them, grabbed me to my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got the crazy ones doing the tough.
He took a beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me to me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right, you know, but I'm not going to take beer."
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister as well.
I said, "No. I won't feel good, you can follow.
Then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens to you? Take a beer?
I kept looking at it with strength and said, "Oh, not to be you're still thinking about the conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mommy, tell all the grandchildren that are special."
I was deployed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking that it's a virtue. I say it for the power that has the identity.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to the others that they really don't see any sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't think we can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prison during the prosthetic.
My uncle died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we had to commit them.
Now, trying to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so much dead, so much despair.
One out of every three black between 18 and 30 years is in jail or in conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all the young color young people are in jail or in the conditional freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of the race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a judicial system that is much better about whether you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not customer, but wealth that drives the results.
And we seem to be very quiet.
The policy of fear and free makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some pretty curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you prepare for rights forever if you have a criminal convention.
Right now in Alabama, 35 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss of rights will be as high as before they passed the law from the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it was sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for kids, no possibility to go out of it.
Right now, we're in some literature in some literature.
The only country in the world.
It represents people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, they've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the criticisms?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of how we are in our identity.
There is another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes that we do, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed -- it's identified one that is innocent and liberated from death rise.
A massive rate of error, an amazing one of each nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation wouldn't you ever have any airplanes that would never be allowed for every nine who would decode, you would have to start.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and it lasted to World War II.
We really don't know much about this.
But for the black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be like present.
They were worried about being born.
The threat of the terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people who come up with me, and they say, "Mr. Steven, you say talks -- makes speeches discussion." Tell the people who stop saying that in our history we were going for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11.
They ask me to say, "No. Tell me we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism went on, obviously, with self-consistent and decades of racial and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good worrying to listen to what you say.
And I said, "We don't have death row in Germany.
We are never going to be able to have it right here.
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that with our story, we could never be in the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately -- we were going to run people up.
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrelevant.
And yet, there is this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these things so hard, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We adore creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are smart for suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We actually talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the willingless, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from ideas for the heart conventions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at it not only in the bright and all disturbing, but the dark and the hard thing.
Valley Handbrow, the great boy, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering from oppression -- we had all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness to be on despair sites and be tested."
Well, that orientation for spirit is virtually at the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must be engaged.
There are no discovery related to technology and design, that allowed us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women were just meeting just to talk.
Occasionally, the lady Cardoon calls me to me, "Look at the Park Lady." We're going to gather to talk.
Do you want to come and listen to me?
I would say, "My lady. I want this."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, "You were "Listeners?
So I went and just listened to them.
It was something very money, very cleaner.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks led to me and said, "Oh, Brush, I say it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do.
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question inequality.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the sensors of life, without free freedom for children.
We try to do something about death.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We try to end up with massive income."
I gave it all my best speech, and when I finished he looked at me, and he said, "The Mendel moment moment."
And I add and "slow the water up there -- very exhibition."
At that time, Ms. Carter stood up, put her finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very worthy."
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a line.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a marriage.
So I think there is a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very cleaner, very stimulated, we're not going to judge us by our technology, for our design, or our intellectual capacity or rational capacity.
At the end you judge the character of a society, not because of the way they treat rich and powerful and privilege, but the way they treat the poor, the conversations, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I feel abandoned. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
It was tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a major way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced to a lot of huge.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old clients and 14 years old, which have been able to be asked as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge convert someone into what it isn't is?
The judge has done it as an adult, but I see a child.
And one night I was a very late night, thinking, "Oh God, if the judge can turn you into something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Bruno, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask for some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a money.
I had a 14 year-old client, a little poor, poor, black.
I started working on the money, with a clothes that said, "Mom so that my 14 year-old black customer is treated as a presidential white age of 75 years, executive from a corporation."
And at the point I realized that there had been an inherent behavior in the accusation.
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics but all of a lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking about that immigrate money would be a dream -- or actually wrote it.
For my horror -- not only had it been shot, but he had sent it to the court.
They spent about two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided, "Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and felt really abandoned, overwhelmed me.
I went in the car to the jump.
I thought this would be very difficult and prevented.
I finally dropped out of the car. I walked in the jail.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man -- it was the confidence of the judgment.
When I saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He said, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
And so I get approached and hit me.
And I was whispering in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was money.
That is deeply connected to my interior, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this matter?
I said, "Oh Mr. Mr. I was me." And we started to discuss it.
People started coming in. They were all windowned up.
I was the one who had written those crazy ones.
The police photographs came along, the automatic photoshops, the automatics.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all of us fun because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the head of the eye to see the competition that I went and came in.
I looked around the window, and I was able to hear all that bright.
I kept walking for here and there.
Finally, this old black black, in the face of concern -- walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge declared a recession.
During the descendant of the high supermarket assistant showed himself optimalize because the competition had entered the room.
The assistant.
And he said, "Hey, what do you do in the audience room?
And the old black man stood out of foot, I looked at the assistant -- I looked at me and said, "I have this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the goal with frightened."
I've come to TED to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it is placed towards justice.
That we cannot be truly evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
Our survival is linked to each other.
That our visions of technology and design, entertainment and creativity must lie to the pressure, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with stress.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes.
Something that's not a complete. What can we do?
BC: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a replication of this spring in which an effort will be done to reinvent the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty in the next five years, a billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the hostile cases don't conclude in arrest.
Fifty percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This refrigerator is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said to do with the biggest income rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great mass income growth in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let them convince by the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making them return those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of the crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment doesn't do anything for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited about here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Loving. They grow the threats by the death of Bin Laden.
Google 2: Hamp in Somalia, Google 3: The police runs O.C. gas.
Announcer: Fate 4: Counsels written -- to Google 5, Cross five."
Venice 6: Social December, Social December, 65 dead.
Voice 8: Anatom of tsunami, touch nine, Cyrus.
Several recordings. War to the narrative, mass destruction, Toronto.
Records, Benjamin. Final Judito, Egypt, Syria.
crisis, Dead, disaster.
Oh, my God.
Peter Dicestanal. These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they might be the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that the media wants to give us negative news because our minds pay attention to them.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called an ambiguity.
The amygdala is our early warning detector -- the danger.
It works and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old pressure of the press, "If there is blood, sells -- it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it's no wonder that we are pessimistic.
I don't wonder that people think the world goes from bad at worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe what really happens is we get distributions.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems, climate change, the extinction of species, water and energy, we certainly have them.
As human beings are very good at moving the problems and the long time we ended up with them.
We look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average life is more than doubled, the average per capita per capita per inflation, has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinka showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy spent 25 to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're actually living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to put higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, air conditioning and cars.
The barrier magnets of the past century, the employees on the planet, would never have dreamed of stretched with such a luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool in the information technology jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a superconductor of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession and depression and surprise.
It's the result of fast computers used to build the computers faster.
It doesn't stop in any of the big challenges.
And even though it's shared in a law on the left, it's curved up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, in the advice of Moore's Law, there are a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends in Autonomy call infinite computing and sensors and networks, the 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet -- synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines, vaccines, digital medicine and the IIM.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in Mellover of Watson.
It was short.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline than there would be.
And I loved this one: "People beat human oppositions."
Merchanica is not an easy game.
It plays with the malaria of the human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Silicon University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or service, that can really affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a demo of companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single host of the planet, it's about creating a life of possible.
It's about taking that which is scarce and becoming abundant.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Nanopathe IRC in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sydney king.
The National troops ate with silver covered and the same Nanon, with gold.
But the king of Sierra, I ate with aluminum covered with aluminum courses.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, more than the gold and the plate.
That's why the tip of the monument to Washington is alien.
You see, even though aluminum is 8,000 percent of the Earth's mass -- it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and the synthesis.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was declined.
We project this analogy to the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a back planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to the Earth 16 terms of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scary, but of accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the death generated by the degree -- 8,000 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the Swiss parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents the kilowatts per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have abundance of energy we also have water abundance too.
Now let's talk about wars by water.
Do you remember when Carl Saturday pointed out the Voyager Space spacecraft, in 1990, after that Saturn?
He took a famous picture. What was it called it?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent by water.
Yes, 97 percent is salt water, two percent ice is ice, and we fight for a percent of the water on the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, nanotechnology.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovations of the barrier -- I'd like to share with you, he gave me permission to do it, your technology called Shake "The "The Short -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's capable of generating a thousand liters of water to any source of any source -- salt water, contained water, a legacy, for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola just agreed to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is a potential innovation for this technology that it exists.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the penguins in the developing world for late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell you with a smart cell phone, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have ever predicted before.
But better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- "That's video, HIV video, images, books of books and music, now destroyed and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they fill the applications in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Foldicate Foundation, something called the X Pandemic Prize Prize for 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because it has IA: they can touch it, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize it, call the health of the health and, first of all, avoid the pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance in the world.
I call it a billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just went out of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds ever heard that they joined the global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you think? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse, we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And they get more health thanks to the Trick, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and the computer in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy education and productive healthcare?
How about a few voices ever before?
What if we give the opposite, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these 3,000 dollars?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict it?
One thing I learned with the X Prize is that small teams -- guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things, things that they could only do before they could only do big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you already know.
It's called Florida.
It came at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be generated.
The folds determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this university professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it's shown that today's recognition machinery is better protecting proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that we have now more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovation of the barrier.
We have the capital of the tanks.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do.
We have some extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
This is the corruption of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to make time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1832.
You may believe it was purposed by pigs, but it didn't.
I actually collect fish.
And he described one of them as a very "start?
It was the leader.
It took it very hard to the 1880s.
Now the fish is in the Red Red list.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're prisoners.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1976, studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate it.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The laptop was surrounded by paintings, and as you can see, from a few mangrove forests.
There were things about 20 inches -- the black bar therapy.
And the fish of this therapy was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he won more than half in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved.
They killed the five cents.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was considered at the introduction of the drive fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1970s, Europe made a lot of development projects.
Fish development was supposed to impose the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to ignore industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty fresh, was called the Muslim 4.
I went out to fish in him, and we did studies in the south of the South Side of China, and above all, in the Japan Sea.
What we captured there was something innocent.
We captured it, now the bottom of the sea.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sports, other animals that are on the background.
And most of the fish are tiny spots on a few restaurants, remains that are the fish coral reef fish.
In short, the sea floor came to the deck and then it was thrown down.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is going to be a solid bottom of soft coral, in this case, to be a launch.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them. They were destroyed because they were dead.
We once captured a living.
I was still not driven.
So they wanted to kill because it was a good food.
This remains of rest is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where they've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We added the point of the lead, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this, something like this.
On the axis and we have good things, biodiversity, amounts of priests, the truth of the country, water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation is going to use the images received at the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and it will extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of changes.
And at the end of it will keep some miserable remains.
And that, largely we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before you get extinct is very often.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequently because we fishing.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of park.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, question that it was very different.
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have evidence.
So for example, the anecdote that some of you present -- as it captures as many fish in this area can't be used or usually not use the scientists in the fishing because it's not "complete?"
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in submersible societies, because they don't rely on the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually record the past.
We see the past that people can't conceive because the point of park has run up and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to delete their point of stand.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access to the Middle West, for example?
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chestra Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in the Bay Bay 500 years ago.
And you have noticed that males and conflicts are like "Allows."
And if you think about "Architects, if you think about why people get touched with the movie -- -- --  talking about the history of Moon, why do you get to picture with them?
Because it plays something that, in a sense, lost it.
So my recommendation -- the only one to give, is Cambridge, do "Anatomy" II, underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Allen, the YouTube trend manager -- and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today, we will see why video videos are made and what matters it is.
We all want to be star -- celebrities -- sharks, comments, comments, when I was younger, it seemed very, very hard.
But today, the web video makes any of us or our actions, copper notes in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be famous on the Internet in a software.
It's over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, only a small percentage is made viral -- it gets infinite from visit and winning cultural money.
How does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends and participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vaniance. Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Okay, grandmother.
KA: Last year, George Grams published this video film outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was seen 23 million times.
This graph shows the replaces in the popularity of popular summer.
Baby is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double archive.
That's what you do if you're called Homo Mountain Brook.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimbal.
Jimmy Kimbalo published this dream that would catch the video to the popular.
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimbalo presented us to new and interesting things and the distribution to a wider audience.
Redwood Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start the Friday,   Everybody wants me to get the weekend -- the weekend.   Friends, Friday, starting the Friday,  KA: Don't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
"The Bell Remote is one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Hey got doubled, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks are also Friday, too.
But what happened this day -- this particular Friday thing?
Well, I took it Towards, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mexican Science Theater, was one of the first people in making a joke on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends add a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this big internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 stores of "Sister on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the military entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by putting it or doing something new with that.
"No Cat, is a repetitive animation with a cheap music.
So that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version of three million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that you saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that I woke up between the Internet called the Internet.
There was remote.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became internationally.
All of a sudden, a whole community of recorders came out that made this going to be a dumb joke to something that we all can be able to do.
Because we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Hey one of the "Don't go double, or Reduction Black or "No Camera?
What a shark could you have written to consider this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up for a minute, just that really unique and unexpected thing can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the cutting to cyclist in New York, I admit that I don't really interested in me.
Casey Nivergever. I was burning by not circulating by the biocus, but often there are obstacles that prevent you directly by biomaterial.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Our got five million watching and understood his idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vaniance. What does this mean?
Olympic.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trend -- creative communities of participation -- totally unexpected -- are features of a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity and the audience.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Britain, started in YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner about our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's just the current media, but to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still controlled.
Let me tell you about some of the parts.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a dragonflies, a man whose entire life had supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come in in Saturday, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, now got it.
It's shooting in silence.
He died burned by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that be in the gallon, and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to get us up, but we sustain it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat as a boat when he stayed slowly into the sea.
My mother, March, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a convicted marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had moved to a single task -- the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unfortunate for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four years that defies the fiction, a boat goes down to the face of fishing sheep.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was the pirates and rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother had a female fertilizer.
If you caught us, we would first take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, the proper process in every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pieces that came several times, but they were fooled with the bravery of men in our boat, or the engine dying and couldn't go up for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would develop in Mellover.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Florida, a world class subsidize whose population is composed of immune.
Unlike the middle class suburbs -- whose existence in Forthand, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the free English fragments were traded between the people who had a common thing, they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms and then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turns.
And yet, I found time to study English and get a title on IT -- in the data.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take off, which was usually new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the tackles, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird sang and painful sing on the "topography, and some graphics, "Spanish," come home.
home, where ...
Something in me.
I was accumulating deterministic and a voice that said, "I'm going to get you out of it."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was spread every night, but we got on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then I studied to be stuff and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry, angry and influenzarians -- and trained boys trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and software.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, inexplicable with what I demand for myself.
In the other, I was embedded in predictable lives, tragic through violence, abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was picked up the American youth of the year.
And I was captured from a piece of the puzzle, but his edges didn't fit in.
So I, anti-way anti-way resident was now so look, refugee and social activist, invited to speak on sites that I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols for me.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to take the routine to the routine and the comfort of life in an identical suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters will end the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about the day of each one and running asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age as she had when we got on the ship.
The "no had never been an option.
"Hey, "Hey, he said, "You're not what you are not."
So I talked about juvenile and education and education and displays and disconnected.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more it was applied to speak.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the barrier of possible.
And although I finished my leading, I realized I couldn't stay in a laptop race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it is okay to be an unknown one, a recent one, new on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that is going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being inside it can easily mean collapsing the horizon, it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your production.
I gave enough steps outside of my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world descends down, but not the way we fear.
possibilities.
There was an energy there, an imposing optimistic optimism, a rare mixture of humility and value.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for the motto "the "member" -- it was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a centimeter.
At the end of every day, it made a giant sheet of soup that we all share.
We worked until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up step.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
And after a single journey.
My hills again.
Three months later I had move, and the adventure continued to continue.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the cooperations was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life didn't change for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raised alone.
By the age of 17, it became a concert of a Mandela whose mother was shooting it.
With no support of his husband, I caused a return when you put it and take the cause himself, and much more reverse caused when he won.
You can't make it proven to be wrong.
He was in the shower at the fourth of a hotel in Sydney when she died, 1,000 miles in Mellover.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Pantheonia and we sat around their atheist.
We tell him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monkey came up and told us that I had to close the athlete.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you've taken your hand from the morning, he said.
"You haven't self-assembled."
If there's a nerve in our family, that run through women.
Given who we were and how life shapes us, we can now see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
I can give you a property in their lives, diving brave in every wave, the sense of constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it, I would do it.
Transit News and also the mother of so is here today in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Lagos about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the stable sky, with Sufi Muslim Santa Allen.
We were aware of how nothing has changed from the time of the ancient Indian epidemic "The Malacea."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and surround the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when Armar, the great Indian warrior India, had silk, he took a bow and with a string of the ground, I got water.
Now we do the same with tanks and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the magic.
And that really blew me out.
I felt a little bit more technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a transport if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't hurt my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As a girl my grandfather gave me his portal plate of police.
And this telephone piece of 50 was to my most magical thing.
It became a dog door to a world full of images, of pitches and supernovation in my imagination.
And I had the feeling that mobile phones and the cameras prevent the shortest.
They extend our inspiration.
And so I launched me, I went to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
It was books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device able to connect to the rest of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we?
Put the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Krist, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Take your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several moments, I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live because of the GPS -- that comes down to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And, really, light your way into what I rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy was caught in a pink.
So here, every book and every world becomes a pen that I dragged into this magic device, within the device.
And this opens a map.
In all fantasy books there have always been maps but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, and it guides you during the rest of the book.
At certain points in the book, they also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another incredibly important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary content.
These are the athletes.
We've all heard of the heads and the artists, but how many people outside India know their individual counterprets, the algorithms?
These poor apples have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and high book.
So we're turning them back into a contemporary childhood story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked down, beating their PM: haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out to the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections of male, stops, stones, metaphors and ships.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to reclaim this childhood ritual you have to go out and in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
This way you create a digital collection of pictures that can be put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a close and says, "Oh, I saw a closed?
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been being done.
Within the variation of connection between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we decided to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad, and the video on and through augmented reality sees a group of animated goods that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and send them back to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go to a world in which the forces of nature are trained with technology and magic and technology come to each other.
We use the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I would like to talk to you about why a lot of people were failing.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at Lanish University was to design a head of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she puts a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and knowledge? What happens?
"How can we help it?"
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone or maybe not all, but most of the present projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my Wikiusan player. It's a very simple thing.
It has a little bit of a fire and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms of it.
But it's so simple, that every time I connected me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor in charge has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time as you need daily assistance or some urgency of that style but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connected my Wi-Fi player and before I got out to my car, people start to speak -- Lucifer today, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it is pressure of the pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, you can use it to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week being available.
This little barrier connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, to take their blood pressure, send their doctor, share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they recover control and capture of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the cost of the cost of care, the domain of demand and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like this, but also by creditionalization.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have no navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATM is in Massachusetts.
And also where all the gas gas is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We said, but nobody did.
Nobody knew where to get the DVD saving lives right now.
What we did was do credit in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to say, you see a DVD, please send it, decide where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 A.D. was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an application for the iPad.
We created an app for Lago, incredibly augmented reality, to find these DVDs.
And every time you are in the city of Machole, and someone collapsed -- they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks will use the Microsoft cell to find the nearest DVD -- which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DVD Kole, which is the name of the product, but also like DJS as well.
And we would want to start globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act like a center for the DVD credit around the world.
Every time you are on vacation and somebody collapsed, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I would also want to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DVDs.
They could be messages of messages or phone people, for example, to see if the DVD that shows is still in its place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share a picture of it.
Or is it a photograph?
Because, of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest by photography was woke up with my first digital camera at age 15 years old.
He mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing but it was a little bit different because by using the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera the process ends up when you press the pump.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressured the pump.
Fish like this, a construction on a very transmitted road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of reality.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the same time, but with the common objective of keeping the level of reality.
And when I say I say photographers.
Because, of course, it's not something I can capture but I always want it to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or colors?
Does the light?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and bring them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But in some ways they can create something that still seems three-dimensional.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It really is to combine different reality.
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic. I think they're those that we don't even think, the things that surround us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something would look bad.
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images do with these requirements, they took the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is.
This is another example.
I could think that this is a picture of a landscape, and the lower part is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed of pictures of different places.
I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter, I knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are from a different location.
The underlying part was captured in a stone pole.
And yes, I even did the house of the top of the island so that it seems to be smarter.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning to it.
It always starts with a locate, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here each piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing you a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram that I took from a folder.
I'm not really interested in showing you the details, but the general question.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of microscope Richards versus the power of local area.
What's interesting about this is that this, as many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Speaking of technology with self-sustainable curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn out the lights.
I needed more intensity because I would write about paper.
Why do we draw technological curves in logical scales?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve in which, say, these are the years or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to carro, the diagram would look something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you plot it, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a semi-distance curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation advanced as fast as the microscope of microbes, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There is no precedent in the history of technological growth of reconstructing growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to do is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't even follow it.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve I know like this until it takes something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like that.
That's everything that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
But of course, we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we're in a transition of what used to be the world, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and wonder, is, what is that new way that the world is?
What new state does the world go?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're engaged in it.
I remember a child the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been broken, year after year, over my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than we are doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we go back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that came around him.
If you look at the way that we organize those chemicals we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is, at that time, I had floating up some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside its inside.
Some of those oil droplet contained a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the blobs grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil goods.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them had a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time you divide it together by using an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they have.
And so each drink was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow become better at the time to incorporate the chemicals around them, they grow more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented by it.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways that we don't understand very well these goals learned to store information.
They learned to hold information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemical called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this evolution without sense, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were so to be able to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun, now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust scales that I try to hide to people of security in the airport.
But it contains? I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragment and it makes it plug 10 to 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot for everyone in the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an engineer, he would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells have happy another billion years.
But then another big step in which things were getting very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and take them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to be formed communities that are in a way, they were together in that, and they set up a symmetry.
That way they survive or failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were being rejected more and they were favorable by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities came so much that, in fact, came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage, we have multicultural communities, communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-material community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They began to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell phone communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat some fruit because I knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years because of the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the fact that the nervous system building those information structures speed up enormous evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the journey of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea, in your head.
I'm sitting here writing a few grandmothers, and hopefully building a similar idea, empty and confusing, in your heads that saved some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated that we become sound, into sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
So now we go through similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our recording methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The television, the computer, the video tape, the CO2, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that gets us into something much bigger and faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary example of The Time where a certain evolution produced with the compelling program in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages -- the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next one, language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the next ones, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is retrofitating, I guess authoritarian, it's the right word to name something that accelerated its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we look at in this curve explosion.
We see the process retreated.
But I will make my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent IT advances.
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible to me in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transition in that building machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with The The designers of Titan Math, we think about an abstraction level, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before you couldn't get far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instructions of random?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, run all of those programs, and take those who are more appropriate to what we want to do?
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, they order numbers, so none of them did.
But one luckily, I could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Hey, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that make the task better?
We blame those and we get to the rest of it.
And now we reproduce the best numbers.
And we're going back to play them by following a process of anti-free reconstruction attention.
Let's take two programs, who build children, who are surrounded by subtle, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
And so we got a new generation of problems from the combinations of programs that have a little bit more successful.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
So again, charge again.
And I put some mutations in.
And it tries again and relative to another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that are going to create absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they are a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs I can't tell you how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark programs, strange programs.
But they make the comet.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I went in a 747 with Martin Minister and put a card and say, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of pieces that work together to offer a safe flight, doesn't make you feel really?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make very different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering does.
However, we don't understand all the choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so we can run these programs much more quickly.
So it is retrospective.
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all of these technologies get stuck.
We're stretching.
And we're at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the boomers, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to our thinking that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now it comes the lunch and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of me.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been able to expand enough time to allow me to get part of my false pressure on that.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, let's talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go out by "self-interest the rules and talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team.
I will focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talk about 300 of a bat that runs 300 dollars.
That means the base base effectively, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being classes, and that anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base, doesn't get in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
Do you know how they call a 300 date in the Great Library?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a 40-percent baseball bathroom.
By the way, that's somebody who is from 10 portally, and it took four.
Leaders, as the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of Buddha Mountain in running more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's move this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or perhaps less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have appropriate appropriate, they are dedicated to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record in advisers.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a place away, and a loved will have two outdated coronary arteries and your family physician sends it to a cardiologist whose record in Antarctica is 200 of them.
But do you know something?
She's getting really better this year.
And their approaches have been 250.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think should be the average approach of a heart surgeon or organization of a nurse or a great obstacle?
10,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the appropriates of a good surgeon, from a doctor or a factory.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the team of being perfect.
They never, ever committed a mistake and pressures to figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a competitive student.
Once, a high school fellow said that Brian Golda studied until a blood test.
Like that.
I studied my little dead, in the nursing of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned everything about memory.
From my kind of anatomy -- I measured the origin and the muscle job, the branching of every artifact that comes out of the side, the frequent differential and not usual differential diagnosis and the non-state.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how we classify kidney the kidney alternative.
And as much more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And you go from the school of medicine with the impression that if you memorize everything, then I would know everything, or most possible -- close to the whole thing, because I got rid of the mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the lady Dr.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when I brought my lady to the emergency service where I was working.
At that moment I was assigned to the cardiologist service.
And when you emergency applied to a cardiology I would touch that patient.
It will report to the head of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Dr. I was singing it.
I heard a refugee sound.
And when the uncomposer, I heard a burning sound on both sides, which gave me a conflict heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of diving the blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty breathing.
And it wasn't hard to diagnosis.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
I gave him aspirations and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him disabilities, water pills, so it could eliminate liquid up.
And within an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I did the first mistake -- he sent her to his house.
And actually, I made two more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and hook them with him to see her.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to pursue completely completely contradictive.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility that I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss without even contacted my boss without even contacted my boss without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I was sending her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Good, not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that until I asked the nurse to take care of the lady Dramanitary, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said with total nature, "Yes, I think it's going to be right."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
And so he signed up the height, and the ambulance together with the families took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad story in the stomach.
But I followed my job.
At the end of the day, I read to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking parking where I was my car to go home. I did something that I don't normally do.
It went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not that I took care of the dancing lady before, but another one, he told me three words, those three words that most emergency medical doctors.
Other specialists also fear them too, but there's a parachute in embarrassing and is that we see the players that are subjective.
The three words are: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back -- with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
For an hour of having gotten to his house, after I gave him the high one, he suffered a collapsed and his family called 9/11, the present brought to emergency with a 50-year-old blood pressure, which means a severe shock.
I was just breathing and blue.
The emergency staff is all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise blood pressure.
And they put an artificial resident.
I was sort of shocked and rocked up to the core.
He had a mixture of feelings because after the stabilize was in intensive therapy and waiting against all hope that they would recover.
And in the two or three days next day, it was clear to never wake up.
He had a regional brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they let it go, Darwin Mad, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I hit it for it and experienced for the first time the mastery of shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt only -- inadequate, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never more committed that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt like that.
And it wasn't for my boss, he was an end.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I shed things and made sure that they won't give me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss -- why did he send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a signal so since?
Why do I choose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was displayed.
And I started feeling better.
And in a nano-discipline day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with myself in which if I gave up the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices.
And it did.
I came back to work.
But it would happen.
Two years later, it was help at the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat, a domestic.
I was very busy and copied.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, I was a little color.
He was pressured by penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he ran into the door, he kept pointing his throat out.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office.
And I proposed the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the barrier?
And he went back and didn't have a star farmer.
He had a potentially deadly deadly approach called a clothes.
You can look at Google -- it's an infection, not the throat, but from the upper air, and it can cause the closing of those tracks.
He did not go away.
You managed antibiotics to go internal and recover for the few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and shooting up, and then I got stuck and returned to work, until it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same set of organizations, not diagnosis appropriate.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it went to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a descend.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculator.
They have an X-ray of kidneys, but it turned out to be normal. A colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant, and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
And I read liquid for reductions, and I asked my colleague to check it.
He checked it up and you notice some sensitivity in the lower right-hand quadrant, called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case I got allegable, I was broken.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a bearing.
The most significant have been for the last five years.
Only and embarrassed and without support.
And here is the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the video that I really tell you what happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes as mistakes?
If I went into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure, after failure, after failure after failure after failure ...
Of course you will hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a train in my hospital I admired the wrong leg -- believe it would have difficulty looking at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- those who make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that have some of the results and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we get away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about distribution and medical journalism, I've made a personal medical study of bad medical and medical mistakes to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto, "The County, Black County, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are unexpected.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 perceived drugs in the hospital are wrong, or declaration is not right -- in a system where the infectious infections are increasingly more, and more numerous by making chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian die to avoid medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 100,000.
In both cases, it's about broken universal, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get access.
sleep deprivation.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest pain in the chest. It comes up with crime eyes, and with alien anthropology, and suddenly, my story is able to dependent.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things like that.
And my patients are not cars. They don't reflect their symptoms in the same way.
All of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all of the professional problems to mistake, well, not to be anyone.
And with respect people don't want to talk about their most serious?
In my program, "The white "There word black art, it's a habit to say, "This is my worst mistake." I'll tell everybody, from the parasites to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake, blah, blah, blah, "What are your mistakes? And driving the microphone to them.
And their students will stop me, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would go off and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake."
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reduction medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
Redesigning physician is human, you know, human -- you accept it, and it doesn't get proud of your mistakes, but it is effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with intention of bringing them together, but in a love and support way for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they become mistakes of time in time.
My name is Brian Goliatherman.
I'm a reduced doctor.
I'm human, I make mistakes.
And I feel a lot about it, but I'm effort to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words, I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take any day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
I recently made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to choose an average American -- it's about 70 a day.
Not too much, in a research followed for a week to a group of companies in business.
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs and the time they were used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they get 130 jobs per week.
Naturally, every work included a lot of money.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent took an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many of you belong to the nine minutes, and how many of the hour of an hour ...
How do you grade the way that those decisions?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems at the current time, choose to be able to choose the options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, as I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when you ask a question, if your response is positive, please give a palm of it.
And now my first question of the day? Are you ready to hear about the problem of options?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I was adding this very, very high level, at least at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It was called Dramage.
It was almost like going to a diversity park.
There were 250 different classes of mustard and virtue, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the state water. And this was when we take water from the crack.
I loved going to that store, but I was asked in one occasion, why never bought nothing?
This is the shelf of the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from millennial trees.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy be able to offer all these options?
He pointed out the bus full of tribes that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the metrics. This is the one.
and passion.
They had 34 different classes.
We installed a put to deception, just to the entrance of the store.
We put out there from six flavors -- or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First, what about people who were willing to stop trying to test the metric?
More people were stopped when there was 24, 60 percent, that when there was only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a metaphor car.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent got to buy metaphor.
Of those who stopped when there was six, we saw that 30 percent bought metaphor.
If we do the math, people were six times more likely to buy metrics if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, deciding that we don't buy a lot of us is probably a good thing to hold the line, but it turns out that the problem of operating choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decide not to decide, even though this didn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, the financial saving.
I'm going to describe you a study that I did with guru -- Humber Kaesan and West Jane, where we looked at the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 65 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funding supply available in plans of savings to return, the 404 program -- showing people to save for the future.
And we found that actually there was a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds was, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as I would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were engaged to avoid the actions or the investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial management account.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will be able to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they make the decision, which is still applied when it goes against the interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to choose less satisfied things, even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we get rid of looking at that giant variety of massive, mustard and visiting and metaphor, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and contrast and choose to choose that amazing exposure.
I want to propose to you today four simple techniques that we've tried, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one is, Cut.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less than more.
People always bother when I say, "Look."
They worry about losing space in the angle.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of weird reductions, there will be a increase in the sales shops, you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in the election.
When I process & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shenzhen to 15, you saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Gordon Cambridge Corporation picks up the products for destinations that are less sold to them, they increased the products in 80 percent, for two causes.
You know that the supermarket supermarkets, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart offers about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is And it offers only 1,400 products, a kind of tomato sauce stand.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come over how to manage the choices is David Lagonian programmer, the Harvard program.
All of the employees at Harvard are automatically linked to a security fund.
Those people really want to choose -- they are offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know that people often say, "I don't know how to cut it.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is to ask the employees, "I have the differences that are among those choices.
And if your employees can't differentiate it, you can't do your customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking about Garage.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people from this audience a few holidays with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give up an applause if you're ready to take Garden supply.
(Audience: Okay. Anyone who's ready to accept the supply.
Isn't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it really tends to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information on the first round, than in the second round, but I can zoom in and say they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This leads me to the second technique to manage the problem of the options of options, which is Congress.
So for people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each choice, and that the consequences must feel very vivid in a very particular way.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average, when they use debit cards or credit cards that when it uses effective use?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Silicon Business and Alan President, on the staff of the United Nations who worked on CNN -- these people were in a meeting where they were embracing a 404 plan.
That meeting, that we did exactly how we used it, we made a little focus.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the approaches of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts of savings.
The third technique is California.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the White supermarkets along the northern corner of the north, the record of magazine can contain from 33 different types to 66.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two guts of gigable.
One is called "God and the other one, "Shama?
If you think the one on the left is Shit and the one on the right is Jamey, give a palm one.
(Audience: Well, there's some of them.
If you think the one on the left is Jupiter and the one on the right is Shake, give a palm one.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jupiter and the one on the right is Shake. But you know what?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
The categories must indicate something to choose to choose -- not that they define them.
Often you see this problem with these huge funds.
Who are you supposed to be reporting?
My fourth category, condition complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than what we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity of complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows it to be founded completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to raise the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each one.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change of change, four options.
What I'm going to do is you can vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many options, 56 colors, to a few boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you act always the default button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or whether we are losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few of them, they open the button over and over again, and another more.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they go there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose it.
Even though you choose the box of change not to say anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the option of choices, cut it out, remove weird alternatives, to focus, make it real. We can handle more categories with less choices, contribute complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage alternatives or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for the people who serve them.
So I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you choose to.
And the more carefully we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, the communist East Germany, if you had a writing machine had to register to the government.
I had to register a piece of text of example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we don't think that someone could do this, so much that it limited the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow dots on every page that follow a pattern that makes you own one and your printer.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to be starving for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the world online, we can raise the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golden in the city of King, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, huge amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multi-material millions, which would make money with their attacks.
This is Valentine's Tasmanian, Starter Studio.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bern Sanda.
This is Matthew Anderson: Talk Atlantic, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortune online, but they do it by illegal media through banking troops to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of the United States, two months ago, held the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam Japan, and this account had 14 billion dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Japan was starting to be away from his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us will be a victim of a crime that of a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad at worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that makes them, they motivate them the protests, they motivate them the opinions -- they motivate them the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have delivered over the last 12 months occupying a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals who do it for money, the relationships like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Diamonda.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
Diamonda is an authority of coral certification from the Netherlands, or, actually, it was.
declared the last fall because of a source.
They surrounded the safety of the site and they forgive a cyber.
Last week I said, at a meeting with the Dutch government representatives I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the decoration of Diamond.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of this?
And Dickinson is a certified authority.
They sell certificated.
What do the certified do?
Well, you need if you have a website with taxid, engaged services, services like Grava.
Except that you will bring a foreign care authority.
They emit appeal certificates.
And in the case of Dickinson happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt, the protesters took a seat of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the dawn of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this beat called "Greeden "Space."
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany who had sold him the Egyptian government for the tools to deploy the communications of the citizens of the country.
They had sold this tool by 2,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago the Schurchass was found the Schurchass of the German government official to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes further.
The Internet connection.
They use even tools like the Scoutsman train to infect our computer with a train to allow us to see all of the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious response should be "Well, it looks bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why would you care?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we breathe today, will be forever.
Are we going to rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about in the next 50 years.
Here's where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close in most of the South, which means wild animals like codes freely migrate outside of the park.
And predators, like lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that you killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning and we found it dead -- I felt very bad because it was the only tour we had.
My community, the mass, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to stand them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up to hate the lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also upset with the problem.
So kill lions.
This is one of the six lions.
I think that's why there are so few of the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years old, is responsible for the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't be true, because it even helped the lions to see the stand of far.
I didn't laugh at me. I went on.
A second idea was to use a screening.
It was trying to deceive lions to believe it was near the statement.
But the lions are very smart.  They came the first day and they saw the screens, and they were like, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they would jump and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the shelf with a torch and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that's moving.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I would try and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp.
He was everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery, and the battery supply the electricity to the little indication of the little boxes.
And the indicator box makes light lights off.
As you can see, the light bulbs are going out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how lions you see when they come from night.
The lights wake up and send the lions to think that I'm walking through the stability, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the house of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had been killed by a lot of animals and I asked him if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You can see them. You can see the bottom, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by all of Kenya, to scare other predators, like hybrids, leopards, and it's also being used to suck elephants from the farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brazilian International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping raise fund and consciousness.
It even took my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, it was just a kid in the savanna pressures by putting my father's cows on my father's cows and used to see airplanes flying and told me that someday it would be within one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come on the plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an aviation of aviation and pilot when you grow up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions. We can be with lions without any conflict.
And I said, "Ah my tongue -- what my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a book, Richard Turkey. Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next one in your list?
RSW: My next invention is: I want to do a close electric -- CA: A political close?
RSW: I know you already invented electric fences but I want to do mine.
CA: You know, I tried it once, right? RH: I've tried it before, but I did it because I got a square.  CA: At the foot of the Canyon, Richard Hurday, you're something big.
We're going to end up on every step that you do, friend of mine.
Thank you very much. RSW: Thank you very much.
When I was a little boy, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "No English New And I would do anything."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim ICEO history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
But sometimes I was asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a colleague of my sister's colleagues.
He said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're reduced together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak that we are prepared to die.
I was very alteried.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
When I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't delete my memory.
A homeless woman was dead on the street, holding a little boy in her arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine, you run North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million North Koreans died during famine and only a few surviving passengers, insects and tree cortex.
They also did more and more frequently the energy cuts -- all around me was completely dark at night except for the lights of the sea in China, just crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American River, which serves the limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very commodity in certain points, allowing Norden to cross secret.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant reptiles.
But I just thought I would be separate from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life as a Norwegian refugee would be.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North Corporacy in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and showed me in the police station.
Somebody accused me for being Norden, then I looked at my skills in the Chinese language, and they asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and depressed.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interaction, an officer told another -- "This was a fake report. She's not Norway.
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Norway in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and depositation.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Norwares didn't have so much luck.
Every year, North Koreans are captured in China and depositive to North Korea, where they're tortured or imprisoned or emergents in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other North Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can be taken in a second.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to risk in South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
I was going to run in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected to.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South Africa.
We are all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 65 years of division of divide.
You even went through an identity crisis.
Am I Superconform or Norway?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with a proud of me.
Although they adapt to life in South Korea, it was not easy, I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call altruistic.
The authorities in North Korea scored some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location on the outside.
They had to sink immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I went into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to put them in a way, in some ways, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus ride took a week, and we were almost trapped several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I unlikely my family, and I told him that they were a deaf people who were coming.
I looked at me sustainable, but fortunately I believed me.
We made all the way up to the border of Lakes.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and managed to cross the border based.
After paying strands and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was released in prison at the short distance of the South Korea.
I went into the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or more flowers.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What is the problem?"
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about question.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained to him the situation, and without a doubt, the man went to the ATM and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for two other Norway and present them from prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I said, "Why do I help me?
"I'm not helping you." He said.
"I'm helping to the North village.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice stranger symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Norden village when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North village needs needs.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go up to a new country, they start with little or no money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with family with family still, and we send information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help Norway a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Norwegians going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in Central Center.
This is Central South, climate stores, fast food, balance terrain.
So the city planners came together and thought, let's change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  Titanics of choice, fast food, barrier terrain.
Just like 26,000 other Americans live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to make kill more people in the car.
People are dying of cure diseases in Los Angeles Central Alex.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing that this happened.
And I ask myself, how would you feel if they didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of home see the bad effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see white chairs and sold as used cars.
I see disposable dillination centers like Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also tired up to drive 45 minutes out and turn back to buy an apple that doesn't have performance.
What I did, was to plant a food forest in front of my house.
In a line of land we call a barrier.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in winner, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it up."
This is how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Greeks, we get together and we start to plant our food forest -- fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a group paid by the base of all the processors from all the coming of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then somebody complained about it.
The city stood on top of it, and in short, they gave me a little bit by saying that I had to remove my garden, the cyber man became a criminal order.
And I said, "Let's say, "Well, right?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that anyone cares?  So I was like, "Well, I'll get it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve London, and he talked to the ad and one of the members of Green Greeks, who put a petition in Chicago, with 900 series, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My journey even called to say they would restore and love what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States with more ballarios in the world.
It has 18 miles of ballarous terrain.
That's 20 Central Central Park.
That's a space enough to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why do you not look good for this?
Growing up a plant will give about 1,000 seeds.
When a dollar of Haitian will give you 75 dollars of result.
It's my hydrogen, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I grew my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing to me by others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graph, I culture my art.
Like an artist of graffiti -- which was striking walls, I was born floor, barriers.
I use the garden, the land, as a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my embarrassing of that canvas.
They're surprised to see what the earth can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I am witness how my garden became a tool of education, transformational in my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We're the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect the kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and productive act that you can do, especially in an orbit.
Also, you get freedom.
I remember one occasion, which came a mother and her daughter, they were like the 1980s, the night and they were in my garden, I went out and looked very quiet.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I told you, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for one reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this just releases why I do this, people ask me, "Hey, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That is in the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at the same time, I want you to pick up your health.
There was another time that I put a garden in a submit for the supermarket in Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
So Greenpeace has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had, like 50 people coming in, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow cold, kids eat cold.
If you grow tomatoes -- you eat tomato --  But if none of this is taught you, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind people who put them in front of it.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing where they're trapped in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are taking care of their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington Carolina.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans. This is something I want to do.
I want to plant all of a garden block where people can share food in the same block.
I want to carry condoms and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability.
What I talk about is to put people work, take kids out of the street who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do it sexy.
I want you all to become evolution, commodities, gentlemen gardens.
We have to change the script of what a suit is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a jerky.
The gentlemen will take their bathroom right?
That is their choice of choice.
In short, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to look at me, you don't call me if you want to sit on comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some heart -- to talk about making some heart.
If you want to look at me, you come to the garden with your stick so we could plant something.
peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience now."  (Audience from the microbes."  You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of astronomer, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I hate.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we would want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn supernova roads.
The portal police, a material that we use now in most roads in the Netherlands, has pores and water can pass through it, so all the rain water flows up to the sides and you will have a road that is easy to drive, and not shake water never more.
The noise also disappears in these pores as well.
Because it's very gold, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disability, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get up.
What's getting up? You see that on this road, the stones on the surface come out.
First one stone, then several more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that.  But you can give him your walls, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also take more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create sheets with that.
Oh, it's ready.
Ballet, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see how damage is in this material.
It's a pore astronomer, as I said, so it only has a little amount of advance between the stones alone.
Because of the interview, to the ultraviolet light, to the open, this advance, this band, the glue between the rich rides, is put up, and if you get up, they'll be microscoped and you will separate from the additions.
So if you drive on the road, you will get the added on the room, as we saw here.
To solve this problem, we think about material materials.
If we can make this material subtle, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel laughter, from that to clean seasons, and we can cut steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have stones with little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a computer machine.
And industry can heat out, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the battery, the button flows through these microscopes and the stones will look back into the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big encryption machine here on the stage.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the sample, I'm going to take you up to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try it."
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 meters from the AIDS Highway Archimede, where we had to make a test lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test on the road, and then, of course, this road lasted several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, we would repair them after with our encryption machine and we would repair them and try and try it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers by putting these fibers together, using the energy of innovation to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, even they can double the surface of the surface. It really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious about this as well.
We still have the show here. It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to cool first before I can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember I'd wake up a morning with the sound of the pill in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile on his face that was unusual in those times, because the news generally depressed.
"The Taliban were straightened." I scream my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he told me.
One morning I will never forget.
A high school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came out of Afghanistan and made the girls illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was seen as a child to support my older sister, who could no longer be used to go out to a secret school.
It was the only way we were able to educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were going to buy them.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us addressed in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every time when the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were all excited, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a territory.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total discovery of a remote province of Afghanistan, invitation in his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father was replaced.
But my extended mother became a teacher.
This is it.
It was back two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of his whole family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk to educate his children.
During the years of the Taliban I remember that there were times when I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said, "Hey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age are more than high school, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself proud to graduate in Microsoft College.
When I came back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was spread from her home for the courage to educate her daughters, was one of the first ones in happiness.
He didn't just get to my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman, and I carry it through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1941, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLT, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risk for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to take advantage of the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, as the mine, they advocate for them, and even in front of a disabled opposition.
Like Ari. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and her daughter went from road from SSA to his village, and they literally agreed to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to his house, they are the phone, a voice would warn him that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try and try.
"You know, if you want to, he said, "But I don't give the future of my daughter for his old old ideas.
What I've realized from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people who we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of their daughter and he sees that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they are often the first compelling intention of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school tell us in hundreds, remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't have a lot, after the retreat of the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, I see a profile future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and influenced possibility, and every day the girls in STEM remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
Never I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the expectation, "Hey, resistant to Gamage, fight against him.
But you never get a revolutionary step of Galapago.
They have spent almost two years since it turned the free revolution inspired by the dangers of massive models that are both from the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A force with a lot of other biological citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a drawing day and start a revolution against the winning regime of Gandhi.
And we did it, it was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the vegetable, hiding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom parameters, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to deal with the brutal dictator of Gandhi.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and beat the turn.
However, Gamageman left a heavy load, a legacy of sharks, corruption and self-reproductive seeds.
For four decades, the threat regime of Gamage destroyed infrastructure, the culture and moral structure of liberal society.
conscious of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved -- next to a lot of other women, rebuilding liberal civil society, picking up an inclusive and fair transition to democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Benjamin during the course and immediately after the fall of Galapagos.
After a 35-year-old period, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm -- I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Platon of Women Literature by peace, a movement of women, leaders of very diverse orientation to advocate by the social autonomy of the woman and our right participation in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself a very difficult environment in the presentation of the presentation -- an environment that was getting more politically, which is more and more polarized, which is model from selfish and exclusive policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175,000 of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news from violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the prosperity of old mosques and Sufi tunes.
The other day with the murder news of the American ambassador and the attack of the continuous.
Another day we woke up with the news of the army of the army of the army.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the military and their continued victims of the human rights violations and their lack of law respect.
Our society, made by a revolutionary mindset, is polluted more, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, the exception and revenge.
I'm not here today at all today to inspire our history of the success of the trained called the trained called the choices.
Rather, I'm here today to convince us that we, as a nation, choose wrong, we make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because the choices didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya, and security.
The cross-section and the alternative between candidate centers and candidate brought peace and national reconstruction?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluted and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclusions, both by men as a women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't just women, but the female values of compassion, merchanding and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the choices needed -- that only reinforce polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an outrage, and we need to be calling a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female discourse that not only honor but also put the mechanics rather than revenge. collaboration instead of competition -- inclusion instead of exploitation.
These are the ideals that a Libya, distributed by war, needs desperately in order to reach peace.
Because peace has a canvas that is about interconnection and alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real cross.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it socially.
According to a Victoria Veronica version, peace is the word of the George Mexicantlet, "March Compassion."
At the same time, the word "great," which is known in all the abstraction traditions -- has the same root in Arabic that the word "grade?" sympathy the female and material, which leads to all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all people have embraced.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, growing inside, the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence of it.
This is how you say, "My mertile takes all of the things."
This is how you tell us, "My mercy.
That everybody was given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an immediate question, which has an equally impossible answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody always does always, why is she left?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who put her a man?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story that I'll tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and a writer in the Seventh magazine magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green Archimeded Archimede, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, pointed me up to my head with a gun.
The man, when I loved no one in this world, put a pistol in my head and threatened to kill more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Love love, a psychological trap. Profit from love, where they fall every year, and even some men.
It could even be your story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm an English leader at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing of the WorldWide Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for companies in the "Big 500 list, between Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burning and The Washington Post.
I have almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black slate, and I drive an honor Henry October minister.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the race, all religions, all the levels of retirement and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the malls are men, and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships and international and long duration or said differently, in families, the last place where we would want or expect to find violence, reason why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I myself would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who stopped her, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women from that age are killed every year by couples, northern northern husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, his warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold, rainy night of January.
I was sitting on my side at the New York subway and started flying with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was he had just been licensed from a university from the Indian Love and worked on a very important bank in Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a boy in the field.
He had big tickets like apples and a roller hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congress, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about all of the beginning by putting it in a pedestrian.
We started to go out and loved everything of me, which was ready that I had gone to Harvard, that I was going to spend passion to help teenage girls and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as no one had never done it.
And that's why the bachelor's in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his brilliant future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to dry and make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to simply simply simply submit.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York City and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner so I agreed to quit my work and trust and I went together from Manhattan together.
I had no idea that I was falling in a little love little love, which was entering the head in a physical trap and financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it is.
And this is where they come into the scene that these pictures.
As soon as we moved to New England you know, that place where I was supposed to be aware of the fact that I bought three prostates.
One was in the car galaxy.
Another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those prosthetics because of the trauma that I lived with small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those pins were actually a message for me, and even though I had never raised my hand, my life was already seriously, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 mountains of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's wedding suit and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted a lot of it.
And I was very, very crossing.
It just had been very upset by the wedding and for the fact of making a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make me harm.
I spent twice as much on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and I lost it, and he gave me so strong in the head that I broke several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, I went through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo continued to stick one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a domestic violence victim or act at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are abandoned, 15 million.
So actually, I had very good company.
I'll go back to my question: Why do I go?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply fancily man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face their devils to him.
The other question everyone does is: Why don't it go out?
Why didn't I -- I could have gone at any point.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore -- is incredibly dangerous to abandon a drill.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence is happening after the victim has put into the relationship, after leaving it, because then the bad thing has nothing to lose.
Other implications include permanent acceleration, even after the murder has come back to married, financial resources, and the manipulation of the family court system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time not super-controlled with the man who beat their mother.
And yet, we still keep asking why it just doesn't go?
I was able to go and I was able to go, because of a last hot fishery that I would have my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, would have killed me if he had allowed me.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody, the police, to my neighbors and my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because everyone helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype to victims as sports headlines, flattered women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why do you get there?"
For some people is a way to say, "The fault is your for standing in -- as if we victims we were going to fall in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published "Martin Love Life, I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also approaching, who learned an unfair lesson of what happened to them and they record their lives of joyful and happy lives like employees, wives, and mothers, completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that actually I'm a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I became married with a cute and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black board and also that magnet.
The thing that will never have never had any more, ever, is a clever gun pointing to my head in the hands of someone who says he wants me.
Right now, you are thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating -- or "Hey, what silly was that?" but all this time, I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, that are being sleeping or that they were of small or they're absorbers themselves.
The mall could be affecting her daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to make my crazy love of a particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrive only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence just carrying light on it.
We need the victims of the world.
We need each one of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the slide to the light talking about it with their children, their job partners, their friends and family.
And I read his vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to constant constantly, to slow up their climbing and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our beds, our tables and our families into the safe and peaceful approaches that should be.
Thank you.
Hello. I call me Cameron Russian, and for a while, I'm model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like at this point there is an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing of clothing on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to see, I think.
If some of the women would be horrified when I showed up, they don't have to say it now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These taxid taxids are very uncomfortable, less bad than I don't have to use it.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you go to laugh at me, so they don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought of me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer said to me that he would grab her back and hit the kid's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial breakfast like the one I made two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our appearance, which, although shallow and invasive, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a beautiful and white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get a model?
And I always say, a cartoon discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage -- and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which we're biologically programmed to admire -- also we've associated with a high and spread shape, to the family and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- heritage that I've been able to take to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who are now super-second -- and maybe there are some monsters of the fashion that say, wait. There's Nanopathe, Turkey, Joan Swisson: Lisa Weight.
First of all, happy to know both models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to inform you that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City said all and each of the models in the runway, and from the 670 hired models, only 27 -- is to say, less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always do is, can it be model when it's up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know.
But then, what I would really tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the invention of the next Internet, or a nice and poetry surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still inspired. No, no, Cambridge, I want to be a model, then I say, "I know my head.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reduction of the American Valley magazine or the Helcouse executive director or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a work you can choose.
I'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike cardiovascular surgery, it can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you have taken your studies, and you have a curriculum and some jobs on your back, no matter what you say -- if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your coach said, "The interior clothing model for 10 years, people will look weird.
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are come out.
And yes, it is basically all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a bicycle, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
So I light next to my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I'm in a couple of days before the photos for the French Vancon.
Here I am with my football team and in the Vietnam magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those photos.
They are creations of a group of professionals, weapons, manufacturer, photographers and strategies, and all their help and people of pressure and policemanistic people, and they managed to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question people always do is: Do you get things for free?
I have a lot of taxes from 20 inches and that I never use, except for the previous pair. But the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and we don't like to talk about.
I grew up at Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a printed driver, and he jumped a red screen and of course, they stood up, and I was just sorry, agent so I could keep going.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not because of what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their appearance regardless of who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 140,000 teenagers who were given and record, 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 175,000 young black men in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me.
But how many times would you pay me? And how?
When I was researching for this talk, I found out that five percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes to 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people do is, what is life of a model?
And I think the answer you hope is: If you're a little bit more thin, and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible power to work with creative and resourceful, passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask, with some more thin legs and the basic hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the most brilliant hair and the top of the fashion -- but probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to get out of this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since it was great enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures -- and I didn't go to me who put them up.
There were no artistic directors, no style, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a lower care of lighting in light.
In fact, most of them would take them random tourists.
My story begins when I found in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture by holding my daughter on his first birthday. That's the 57 corner of the 57th and five percent.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take September to New York in a performance trip and keep the ritual up?
This is when we started asking the tourists to get us to get the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever been with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became a sacred thing for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand him.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop the time in October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter is taking new strands and I can see life through his eyes and how it feels and interacting with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something that we hope for illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking up, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red roll of the wrist store that I loved in the previous visit.
And I described what had felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I started to remember his heart heart with force when I first saw nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memory.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in the conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but aside from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that brings the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to show up in the picture, and you don't have to come up with somebody and ask yourself, take a picture of it?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened bird group.
First of all, why do you have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter.
More recently, if you have been following the Kenyan pressure and applause and advertisers these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament but I don't accept it.
Don't accept it. You know why?
Because Parliament members don't keep clean the environment.  The parliament doesn't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly monitoring.   They're far from extinct.  And my favorite, the divers have better presence.   There are two types of buses on this planet.
There are the New World nutrients that are mostly found in the Americas, like cards and charities and the Old World Buddhists where we have 16 species. From these 16, 11 faced a high risk of extinction.
So why are the divers important? First of all, provide vital ecological services, Limitround.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the bodies up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them would spread and cause large loss of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buses, the carcasses take three to four times more time in decline, and this has huge ramifications in spreading disease.
The divers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Narrator was the symbol of the proton and the maternity and along with the harvest, they scaled the unit between the Athens and the Eastern Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Jack was the god burned, and he risked his life to save the Silicon God of the 10 head of the decade.
In the Tibetan culture, some very important eye uses are made to open heaven -- in places like Tibet. There is no place to bury the dead, or wood to bring them, so these buses provide a natural disposal system.
What's the problem with buses?
We have eight species of light in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threatened.
The reason is they're being solved, and the reason they're being solid is because there are conflicts between humans and fauna, the mass communities use this venom against predators, and as a result, the buses are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of light are in the critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years it will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall from the winning consumption that has been treated with an ancient drug like Dickins.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a posture.
Since there are no buses, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in courts of bodies, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for anger, the number of range of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind parks in Africa, 375 coming up with the Turkey Lake top.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds -- they cut them in half.
They are birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible commercial trade trade to serve the brown and the pet market.
So what is this doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting it transmitters.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem that is locally not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating business, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can be active and make noise, you can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very improvising creatures. Give their time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you'll be informed about the bulbs, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bulbs.
They are very elegant -- Charles Darwin said he changed an opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without any energy spending in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing that I do and everything that I professionally do my life has been modest for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1976, until 1977, but I'm not --  I worked in Zamai, Kenya, Coast of Marine, Architect and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa failure.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at the age of 21, that the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we would take we add.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Google from the Zamart: was a project where we decided to teach the people from Zambia to grow food.
So we arrived with Italian seeds south of Zackney to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zackney River, and we teach local people growing Italian tomatoes and calories, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we gave them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't come.  We were astonished that the local people, in so fragile valley, had not had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that we don't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  "Maybe in time to save the people in Zama of humor."
And of course, everything in Africa is critically grown up.
We got these magnificent tomatoes -- in Italy, a tomato will grow up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the catastrophes, "Look how easy the agriculture?
When the tomatoes were beautiful, ladies and red, overnight.
And the families said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here:  "Why didn't you say it -- "I never asked.
And I thought that only we internated errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed hypertension.
You should see the waste --  You should see the waste that we gave them to the people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read "The Dead," from Dictionary Monday, disturbed economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donor countries, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused it.
Just read your book.
It's a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
We Westerners are imposition, we are collectively missionary, and we treat people only in two ways, or we parade, or we're pathogenic.
The two words come from the Latin Ray Rock, which means "The "Turkey?
However, they mean two different things.
Patrocs, I treat any of a different culture as if my kids were, "I want a lot of it."
Participation, I treat all of the different culture as if I were my stresses.
So the white in Africa are called "Google, boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face -- "The little beautiful is beautiful, written by School, who said about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, drop alone alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that's not negative?
I decided for 27 years to just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never start anything, but it becomes a stream of local passion, the service of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It stops.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the location.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee. We got together in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You give someone an idea to someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because no one in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not -- for once, listen to them -- but not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never go, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind dot.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't go to their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face to face, you have to create social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the company family, the business family of business, which is set up with you in your house, at the table of your kitchen, in the coffee and helps to find the resources to transform their passion into a way of making a living.
I started this as a test in Exployment, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to move away from this participation trash where we got to tell me what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to ask, "How can you do that?"
How can you do it? And I said, "I had something very, very, very hard.
And I stood up and listened to them --  So --  So the government says, "All the way --   We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs dying of loneliness that are dying.
Peter Dr. one of the greatest business assessions in history, passed back at '96, a few years ago.
Peter Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. was a philosophy professor before they got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dramage, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and a standard company economy?
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you have to rebuild Christian without knowing what the most ambitious people in Christian want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them confident, privacy, you have to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll get in the mass of it.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you show up more this morning.
Passionate local people. That's what you have closed.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution -- "commodities fossils -- manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The front as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nutrients, we cure, we educate it, we can communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution -- colleges? Forget it.
The government. Forget it.
They'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a lovely story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1860s.
And in 1860, this group of people came together, and they were speculating about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was and the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population keeps growing up at this rate, to move to the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address it.
They were already managed in stranger.  So in 1868, they were doing this dirty technology that opens up New York City.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in the next 40 years, there were 100 automotive manufacturing companies, 100.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few of us, substances, factories in the side.
Debard, Michigan, Henry Ford Michael.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confident.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer them an absolute one, dedicated service, enthusiasm service.
And eventually, you will have to tell you the truth with it to come in.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic. You have to count with a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell with a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can be done, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We have research and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie world, Westerners, Editop, Ford, all new companies, Google, Jam.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one -- none of them started by one person.
No word "self-interest," but the word "to "a 32-year-old.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have all these facts, who come from a small business of little business sitting in cabinets, in bars next to their deposited championships who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this sophisticate speech, someone who will ask you. What do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that, "Do you want to look for somebody else?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in a lot of ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-related, tears and chalk.
These projects came from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask for more things without calling the door at a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share more our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams."
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant caves that give shadow to lovers and delicate and songs from making centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives birth to music --  there's a disposable prostate in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one of the most abandoned properties of the U.S.
I live near this house and I thought about how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was John, as a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced a profound gratitude for the time I lived and so.
I gave it clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I want to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me catch by day and forget what's really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house into a giant boundary and painted on her phrases to fill out, "Before you die.
So the transportations could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and kept coming in.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
"Before dying, I want to be judged by pick-and-related --  "Before to die, I want to sit down on the line of date change.
"Before dying I want to sing for millions of people."
"Before death, I want to plant a tree."
"Before death, I want to live out of the network."
"Before dying I want to hug it once more."
"Before death, I want to go to somebody's rescue?
"Before death, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and hope of people made me laugh in cardiologist, and they broke me, and they gave me a little bit of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and statistical ways, it's about giving birth to reflection and consciousness, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center we made a kit and now they've made walls around the world, like Karachinet, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of increases, it's more important than ever, to find the ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is short and delicious.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even think, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that care about more power.
You think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can better reflect what we care as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers now.
Remote is 22 years old, high and very governor.
It doesn't talk about, but it's transmitted better than some of the best speakers.
Remote knows what love is.
He shares it unfortunately, what happens.
It's not a release. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care about religious differences and look at this, it's never lie.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make a word of words that I couldn't even remember me, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's very cool.
It has the most imperfect memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my calapar, but I remember the year that I came out of each of the songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I stood in my arm during the first episode of the technologists and the Limit Gallery.
Doesn't you seem amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't focus on the concept of society, they often are ignored and improvising.
But what I put into my heart and I strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though I didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that only could mean one thing: that they were extraordinary, autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "successes," it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual it gets made in a different way, from there that Remote is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed with a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of the development that are faster increase in the world, there is no known cure or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
Rich lived and he went back in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars around the room, looking at the washing machine, and eating anything that would be in between.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more often.
But beyond the balances, frustration and endless hyperactivity. There was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature -- a child who saw the world without predators, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some tough moments in my family, times where I wish that they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that wouldn't want to change the normal.
Normally the beauty goes through the beauty that gives us differences, and the fact of being different doesn't mean that any of them are wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey one thing to Rick and Sam and you would be, you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autism or not, the differences we have, are you a donation." Each of us has a gift inside and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for gratitude, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what Alaska must have been in the Massachusetts country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Actual actually scared -- scared of these students with their big minds and their big books and their large and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alaska should have felt when he fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
Just like this, I felt when I had those conversations with the students, I was surprised by the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience also this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our largest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers are not going to invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please raise it with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and that their engineering is attractive.
First question to respond -- and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
We don't just tell us that they study the trafficking, but that they study the trafficking, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat office.
And when you're describing their science, it care with the jail.
Now jargon is a obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "pick-and-related and temporary -- but why not say "performance and time, which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as making them stupid.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- these are ways of contaction and engaged with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget from the signs of "sleep."
You've wondered why they're called "people?"  What do the balls do? The bullets kill and killing their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it is supporting too much in the language of our brain and opened us.
Instead, this film of example of General Brown is much more effective, and it shows that the special structure of the critics is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower East.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence -- legitimate, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that hold our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described for.
I think these are just some key key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all the means --  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English dictionary is "grade?
Just because it sounds very well.
And "opening, it means "slightly destinatively destinative.
Although there was a newspaper editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A performance is the one that seeks a public charge no matter participation, platform or principle, and that, when I win, he gets through the mere use of a monumental versus collection.
I have no idea what "care "Stars" means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Bronx Church, who confronted the Parliament Church.
He took him on the London Tower and got incredibly incorporate, but he had enough courage to deal with them, and at the end had such a popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase "the bathe such as brother.
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's by a freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to the United States, right after independence, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This is debate in Congress for a long time.
These were all kinds of suggestions that might be failed to be familiar.
Some wanted to call it "The Washington State "Sea State Fascination -- and others, "I All Discovered George Washington, and other Liberians of the American People's Little Laboratory?
Not very attractive.
Some people just wanted to call it "Oh."
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that were morally, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody gets immensely tired because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
And I read the newspaper of a poor sentence, and I always wrote, "In this subject."
What I caused the drink and the way was that the House of representatives was against the Senate.
The representatives of representatives didn't want Washington to be able to get power.
They didn't want to call it King as if he was given to him or his success.
So they wanted to give the most modest title, more insulin and more submitted than they were happening.
And that title was "completely?
President. They didn't invent the title -- it was already before, but it only meant "a present one meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gratification than the term "performance or "self-interest?
There were examples of little colonial cardiologists and government fractals, but it was really insulin title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digitizes."
"And who would make it serious with a title as ridiculous and unsustainable as President of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate, not career.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite way to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never had the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky enough to stay there, waiting for the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you can keep waiting for 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and I want to leave you with it, is that the president of President of the United States doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads that are displays, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of non-communicated aerial vehicles.
And the reality and history have led to the threat of gravitation.
So at the end won the Senate.
They got their transportation title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness then.
But do you know how many nations have now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Campaign of representatives lost because nobody's going to feel humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave with.
The politicians are trying to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, really change the words than what these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet below land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of substantial bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that calorie of male and stones party with primitive tools.
Like the other ones -- I take a cheap light of light to the head with this elevated electron and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches of that hole from a meter that falls hundreds of feet on the ground.
I shook my hand and suddenly I remember a minority that I met days earlier, who lost control and fell income in that power.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the deep point of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they might never do it, because they are prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only expedition in the Valley of the Valley of Valley.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a waste of Oversee the Swiss -- an NGO who is dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and really, I started learning about slavery because I knew it existed in the world, but not such a grade.
When I finished talking to myself, I felt very wrong, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this advantage of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made by the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the Sanda Telephone director and offer my help.
So it started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I've already been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, you will check the dirty together.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole treatment of wireless slaves.
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of a American worker worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
But today you can be self-sustaining to entire families by generations of tape for domestic debt of 18.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and cannot escape.
Now slavery is operating in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are delusion.
Sleeping slavery exists in almost everyone and, however, it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the blocks of blocks.
This strange and weird show was like entering the old Egypt or the Dolly Delica.
It branches in a temperature of 54 C. men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy shell of dust, matching mechanically in their heads to 18 at a time, and they take them from the hot open on trucks that are hundreds of meters.
We went through the monorf and the stripe work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no passengers to eat, not to drink, and the severe disconnect would make you pee out pretty inspiring.
So perfectly perfectly the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to the touch.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run to the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive me, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the orders, I wanted to cry, but the abundance that was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Let's do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained very clearly that I'm going to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer you any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were.
I had to rely on the Swiss and work inside the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my own destinating.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles for mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big whales were more heavy than the kids who charge them, and the kids would hold them into their heads with homemade routes made of sticks and ropes and hands.
It's hard to witness something so obvious.
How can we influence something so inevitable, but so unexpected?
Some of you don't even know that they are slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were rejected by their freedom, the slave was completely burned their houses.
When we hear the word slavery we often think of sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness I was asking me to be hard for me to work safely in this particular business.
In Kallek I was accompanied by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
They drove me through some angles that gave this dirty basement of faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a barrier.
It was rather a restaurant.
Researchers as you know in the craft, they are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms -- private rooms, where the slave scans with their girls and children, some of the only two years -- are forced to engage the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every place is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a beam and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
From foot in period, I remember making sense of a hot acute fear and at that moment, I can barely imagine what it must be to be stuck in that hell.
I only had one outside, the stairs.
There were no hind doors.
There were no big enough windows like going to go.
Those people have no escape and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery even the sexual traffic is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles is another activity that we often relate to the slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait here.
The black hands of black are the father, the black and red, from their children.
They mixed the titles in these big barrels and they dip the silk on the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My intersection told me his stories.
We don't have freedom -- they said.
"We have the hope that we can get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay us our job."
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in the Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a ship, two older brothers, some younger kids, make sense right?
Wrong. They were all slavery.
The kids are separated from their families, destined and forced to work extinct on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up to be tagging, it was a topic that his little canoe was embarrassed.
He was paralyzed by fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees in the lake are often catching networks and children, fantastic and with fear, they are thrown into the water to unleash branches.
Many of them are drill.
Since it remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
And for fear of his love is not going to be hated, and as all life has been treated with crushing, it's gradually treated to younger slaves under their share.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they went up the last networks, but they had been working from one one of them.
It's cold and flight.
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Kolea.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where he depended on the Self-American recorded to slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will come to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life?
driving through a road in Ghana with the Salaman Roard Page Page with the Salamanda, a advice at the state of his shape of suddenly accelerating and overlaps our car and touch the window.
It asked us to go through a road road to the forest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver.
And then he pointed out this work barely visible and said, "This is the way, this is the way.
As we started to go down, we took out the insurance that blocked the road and after walking about an hour we found that the path was touched by the recent rain, so I put the photo of pictures on my head as we hit these waters to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the sign was completely finished in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were filled with employed workers.
A lot of women had stock kids on their back, and as they were looking for gold, they walked in some water with metabolism.
The metaphor is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a pit in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were embedded in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his sponsored eyes, ironic eyes, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet and these people are carrying heavy batteries of stone that then will be transported to another area where they make a stone to get the gold out.
At the first view, the site seems to be full of strong and powerful men, but if you look closer, we see to work at least lucky and also children.
They're all victims of injury and disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this museum is going to end up like this victim of tuberculosis and generation for mercury in a few years.
This is Mars. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die their uncle, Morgense inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in the mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the ages 14 years and the lesion of the leg you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so serious that doctors said it should be ambigued.
In addition to that, Morgen has tuberculosis, and yet it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dream of being released and educated with help from local activists like I do the Swiss -- and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen for you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will get testimony from them, and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazine. They are people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that I don't think of these many beautiful people, and I have had the great honor to know.
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force uses a fire and that fire throws light on slavery because, without that light, the slogan of slavery can continue living in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math math and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does, we are like management business.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
We have the virtues of the ballet and the glass dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial appealing that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, destroying this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane South South South South South South South South South South Street virtues.
Over the last few years it's been progress in the treatment.
However, there are 6,000 people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness and the temptation, rewarding and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective and ultimately, the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and certificated metric of it.
But it's frustrating that for the Parkinson's and other movement disorders there are no biological markers -- so they don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside of clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
What if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to the clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose is not conventional to try to try it, you see, in a sense, at least we are all virtuous like my friend Jane Stanage.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds at the talk, and we can imagine as a dancers of a vocal balloon, because we have to coordinate all of those vocal organs to produce sound and we all have the genes necessary -- the Florida, for example.
And as the balloon, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Let's think about time that leads to a child learning to talk.
From the sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate -- and as well as Parkinson's affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular sharks of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
Well-being and reduction.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspiring after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive.
Neurological test is not invasive. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are precise. Okay, but in addition to a voice that's not specialized.
That is, you can be a collaborator.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They are moon and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost so low, it appears to be massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the reward of routine routine.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could do massive recently for clinical trials, and for the first time, compared to a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving you the first steps in that sense, we are launching the Parkinson's Valley.
Together to Christian and Pauling, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to tackle these goals.
We have local local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anybody -- or without Parkinson's -- can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taking all these samples of, say, 10,000 people, can you say who is healthy and who doesn't?
What do you get from these samples?"
Max Little -- yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease, TR: Sure.
MA: You see, some people can not happen. You may not end it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking at losing the consumer factors to look for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MA: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student Thanks, I have to advertise, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which drives the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy now.
TR: Now North and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MA: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little public.
MA: Thank you. Too.
Before March 2011, I made photographs in New York City.
We are fake creatures, gray creatures.
We lie in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do to the even more thin models, even more thin skin -- even more perfect skin, we do the impossible, and we can be criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Harvards Vanders were in the place working as part of the response team.
I was together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't sit at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to October.
It's a little fishing village located in the IPEC profession of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The regime of water recorded reached over 24 feet tall and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was delivered.
We took claims from the channels and the bloods.
We cleaned schools. We take off the ship, and we leave the houses ready to be religious and refugee.
We took tons and tons of dead fish -- super, published from the local factory.
We stand and love us.
For weeks, the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and flowers of photos and cameras and Side cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Let's pick them up and take them to different places of people around to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered about.
As they got out of the wave, and to save his lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a village assessment center.
He helped clean the communal bathrooms the enormous baseline, giant batteries.
This place turned out to be in addition to the place of the village where the advertising center would collect the photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizon, but it was not until I was making myself my horizons that something happened.
When you look at the photos, I found some that had over a hundred years -- some of them were still on the top of the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that path and repair that frog and know hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive and I knew we had to try.
So we started to bring the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too strange, but where the water had declined the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and deliberating.
Otherwise, that girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strike picture.
Over time, they came for a lot more photos, and they needed more championships that is that it came back into Facebook and Linux and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks I had 150 wishes to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Reduland, a neighbor village north of Marshall.
Once a week we used our scanner on the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you were going to give them a different story is a different story, depending on the presence of the photos.
I could make an hour. It could make weeks.
It could make months.
This fish had to draw pretty much by hand using how areas and charity whose color and detail, the water had not destroyed.
I took a lot of time.
The water destroyed all these pictures under saltwater water, bacteria covered from bacteria, with algae even with oil, all of that together with the step of time continued to destroy them, so that I would clean it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't catch the photo unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We had luck to hand cleaning.
We have the guidance of an admirental neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more the pictures of the pictures.
As Winner, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
He had begun to wipe it out of it, but he stopped by realizing that the damage even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to rebuild the images in a single photo and turn the full picture.
When I picked up his pictures share some of his history with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found pictures in a fire station between the rubble far away from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognize him.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the search was sounded.
Their little children, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was stuck in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he handed her pictures his son under 14 years.
For her, despite all this, those pictures were the best gift I could do -- something that he could come back to look, something that could remember from the past who had not been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan -- 1,200 volunteers had joined there, hundreds of them helped us clean up over 13,000 photos -- the great majority -- the great majority came back to their owners.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us go back to 90 families hundreds of totally restricted photos and collected.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the printers for printer.
We take pictures of it.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a relationship, somebody liked it.
They are guards of our memories and stories, the last thing that we would take but the first thing we would get to look for.
So about this was the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to give someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is coming back to somebody, it's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the companies.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to give up something, using their talent for something that are not a perfect skin model.
To end I'd like to read this email email, I sent it the day I went back from Japan after six months.
While I got back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories showed in pictures.
One in particular, a picture with women in different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, I was touched by a baby, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was just born from our wall.
In the entire world, all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.  applause.
Do Edinburgh inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that went through an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new kind of photograph, the photographer, a new technique that can create videos in slow camera from the light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-ray and really challenging the idea of camera.
If you take a laser score and you can turn it up and hit a trillion of a second, in various feminists create a picture of a photograph of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that balance, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet ball.
If we take that bullet and this package of photographs and we shot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle, right?
What is the aspect of light in slow camera?
Now, all this --   Remember that all of this happens in less than a nanotube is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't use this research.  They have a lot of things in this film, launching this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts going through it, and inside, it starts to distance.
Part of the light is floating, it goes to the table, and we started to see these revelations.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in several directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
At that time, waves travel around the table, and because of the reflections of the top look at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the thoughts are focused on.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and make it go the same distance and see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to feel that film.
One day? A week -- actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow ball.
And how about testing with nature dead?
You can see the waves that get out of the table, the tomato and the bottom wall.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, I thought, of a family at a time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you realize that, as the light gets rid of the tomato -- it's still brilliant.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light roller inside it and it comes back after several trillion things.
In the future, when this school is in its mobile phone, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is married without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers -- you know, if we take a low exhibition picture, it comes into a very little light.
But we're going to be going to be a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so just get some light.
We sent that bullet -- that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over again with a very ambitious synchrony, and we took those little digits of data, and we trained them computers, to create those dentists that I showed you.
We can take all that data in crude and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a supercomputer future would allow him to see the risks?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Robert -- enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light releases.
It's not science fiction. We've been building it.
On the left is our flag.
Behind the wall there is a torture and we'll break the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Commons.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our school has unique capability.
It has very good temporary resolution and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also even the hidden objects but we don't know what extent to what distance.
When you project a laser -- you can record a picture in brick, which you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, tens of images, put them together and try to analyze the multiple bounces of light, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it at 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that prevent collisions with what's going around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build endemic engines of looking at the inside of the body running together, and the same thing for carbonates.
But of course, because of tissue and blood -- this is pretty hard, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about photographic as a new driver of visualization to solve the health imaging problems of the next generation.
Just like Doch Edinburgh, he himself was a scientist, converted science into art, an art of underground photographs.
I realized that all of the giants of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion of a second.
But here's a funny thing.
If you look at the waves underneath the car, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order of the events in the world sometimes appear to be invested in the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can fix this distortion of this.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life and give you individual freedom.
With a mobile phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, go up to Sputnik and do famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a childhood and I live in the city of Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were in search for change.
This is the fall of 1989, imagine if all of these people meeting that they protest for a change, they had a mobile phone cell phone.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Let's lethal it.
Raise your cell phone, letters.
Letter, an Android, a Blackberry, word.
It's a lot. Almost everyone has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my phone, and how life was changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35,000 lines of information.
The data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data Republic of the data.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider across Europe, has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls whom, who sends an email to who an email to who an email to who sends who an email to who.
Who sends a text to who a personality.
And if we use the mobile phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and until two years, in his phone company or its Internet protection.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data replace.
We want the self-assembly in the digital age, and we don't want phone providers, and the Internet supplies store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out of the streets in Berlin and said, "Let's be not fear."
And some of them even said that this would be the Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really work.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone telephone, Delly Tagan, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, and please send me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I came back to ask you, and I didn't get a concrete answer. It was all blah blah blah response.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Dean Hell said no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would take the demand back, and they would send me the information that I asked me.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed insecurity for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly thing with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Transplant and five thousand lines of information lines.
At first I saw them, and I said, well, it's a huge file, OK.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I step the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data replacement means.
So, next to Zuck Orlando and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom out and get out, go back and forward.
You can see every step I do.
And you can see how I go from Frank in the train to Coke and how often I call the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they're called each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this big network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other, what time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to whom, who sent an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all of these people in the streets in Berlin -- in the 1989, they had a mobile phone cell phone.
And the Stanford would have knew who was involved in this protest, and if the Stanford had knew who the leaders were, this would never happen.
The fall of the Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And in conclusion, neither of the Congo Corner.
Because the state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible in and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But self-assembly and living in the digital age, it's not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-reproductive.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell your friends that privacy is a value of the 21st century, and it's not passed out of fashion.
When you go home, tell your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, you ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use their mobile phones to remember that they have to fight for self-assembly in the digital era.
Thank you.
Hello TEDGlobal, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDGlobal, what happens?
I call myself Machole Zagan and I'm not shame, but I know the doctor that brought me into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, associated with the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, that's why I test all the time.
Look at me.
It's an exhibition. I'm like a Simon mix of Shake.
and Muhammad Al Mic.
The P, C is not genetics.
It's not common and it can tell.
No one pulls my mother out of my mother, and I didn't touch it because my parents were brothers, although they are.
Just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration -- and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disabled.
We're going to go.
Complements of Christmas are in the commercial center, driving in circles looking for parking parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And they think, "God, can I be at least a little bit disabled?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C is just one of them.
There was an electronic opening of oppression -- I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian Palestinia, Muslim, woman, disability and living in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe they should do it.
I'm from Park Clarity, in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
A lot of people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the can't.
The mantra of my father was, "You can do it, dancing sands."
If my three older sisters clean, I clean up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents sued the school system and made sure that I was also out, and if we didn't get out of the whole note, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my hands on his feet and just walking.
Another cartoon that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it would pursue it.
The standard that I carry in was very strong, and ...
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden was walking like a bandwidth that has received a lot of flows.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arab Arabs, and they keep all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't intactive.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would be able to use "Mosquito to Muslims as a member of campaign.
The people who grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot of concern that he died of hunger during the branch side.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating it, so I'm going to keep the dawn in the top of the store is very easy.
Baltime take in Broadway.
Yeah, in Brooklyn, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tags, which is that I can walk with taxid.
I am from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used toxics, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we don't go back to Palestine all summer, we would become Matrix.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to stay up, so I drank clean milk metal, and they put me hot cups on my back, and I was diving on the dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Hey, do it work?"
But the miracle cure was the journal.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I make yoga it was a stand-up comedian that I couldn't put on my feet.
And I can now hold on your head.
My parents refused this idea that I could do anything -- that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the general hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the U.N., University of the state of Arizona, because it went into all the copies.
It was like the pet moon of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I made all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from the glass of my professors my teachers cried.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the U.N. decided to make a work called Darwinian very slow in Jackson very slow.
It's a piece of a girl with brain particles.
I was a girl with brain parasites.
So I started screaming at the four winds, "I end up having a paper."
I have brain parasites.
At the end of the free. At the end of the free.
Thanks to God stars, at the end of my fact?
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to Santa Brown.
I went to increase the head of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask me why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Good, if I can't do the risk scenes.
It was a role for which he was literally born and gave it to an actress without brain parasites.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a great history of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
When I graduated home, I came home, and my first accelerate tour was kind of an extra tearline.
My dream was true.
And I knew it would be associated with "mass nuclear friend, in a song.
Instead, I stayed there as a gay, I didn't see me more than the born, and it was obvious for me that the suppression directors didn't hire the graphics accent, not white, with disabilities.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching White Goldon, Rosling Barrow, Ella, and all these women had a common thing, they were comediants.
So I made me humility.
In my first tour, he took famous members of New York to New Jersey, and I would never forget the face of the first comic comics that he took when he fell at the height of the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain parasites.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, with no censorship and no veil cold.
Some people say I am the first money of the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother from another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York Formula Festival now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Recordinations in the media and at the time to remind you to the reserve directors that South and Arabic are not sitting.
The Arab was much easier to fight the challenge of the stimulus of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was as an invitation to the news program by the cable of Kenda Wales.
I walked into a graduation dance -- they dragged me into a study and sat on a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?"
She looked at me and he said, "Oh, four, three, two ...
And we were live.
So I went to the desk desk to not get out of the screen during the secret, and when I finished the interview, I was pain.
At the end I had my opportunity and the desert. I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Walevine came back to invite me, but I was just as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Wales was that people on the Internet are scared.
It says that kids are crime, but they never got away from me or a little girl or the elderly.
Suddenly, my Internet disability became a breakthrough object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why time?
Is it flat?
And my favorite, "I have a terrorist boring.
What disease does it have?
We should really be sheet of it.
A comment suggested even that adding my disability to my classics, writing, comicitang, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as the race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Berkeley, then Bell can't make someone in the wheelchair.
The disability is the -- yes, clapping. Man: Come on.
The disability is the largest minority in the world, and the most sub-Saharan in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, from having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we need all the society to teach our children.
My leatherback journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to take the red carpet in the red carpet for the dinner of the Superconscious Susan Lucifer and the Leonardo Brung Closely.
I came to act on a film with Adam Sandhist and to work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthews.
He recorded the world by saying, "The Arabs have become charge."
I was delivered in representation of the great state of New Jersey at the U.S.
And I founded "The Children of Malachor, a charity of a charity to give the children a Palestinian refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me acting in alive, and I put this talk to his memory.
["Indians?
I call myself Macholer Zagan, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small village to South South.
This village is near Mozarts.
The drought, the small village to poverty and the edge of the insulin.
With nothing for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mozart, the Carolina capital.
When it comes there, there is no opportunities, no work, no future perspective.
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of Molocum.
After maybe a transportation year, nothing.
So one day you get a gentleman who offers him to get it to lunch, after dinner, to drink.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives you a break.
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to your family.
They present a young one.
He finally got home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky, turned a bomb car.
That little boy in that little village with the dream of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shabazzi, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little girl trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him immigrant?
He was waiting for.
I was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start their future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came in.
This was the first thing that took it out of what we call "the Period Of East."
And his story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the masters, young urban young urban young people who were delivering riots in Johnsonials, they developed riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the population of wait.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity of work, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth who suffers from the highest underground rates.
By 2030, three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities -- the story of the popular personality, the access door to terrorism, to violence, to the gang will be the history of cities.
And in my city of birth, Mocalus, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mocalus last month, and I went to visit the Mathematica Hospital -- the hospital where I was born.
I remember going to be in that hospital saling to balls thinking, and if I would never have gone?
What if I was forced to be in that same police of wait?
Would I have become terrorist."
I'm not really sure about the answer.
The reason I was in Molacular that month was actually to support a few juvenile leaders in a corporate commodity.
I went back to some 90 juvenile juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mozart, he graduated from it.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Spanish and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recruited to.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Molocum, the biggest obstacle to get from point A is the streets.
They revealed civil war years completely destroyed the road system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize it.
And he saw an opportunity and leverage it.
A motorcycle company.
He started rent motors to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
He bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of molecules over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story do?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the police police.
I found young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately as well.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Momanocatitic, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people at the summit of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of the business initiative culture.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mocalus has seen in over 22 years, and until recently, until Monterey came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding -- you were used from plastic sent from the outside.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ...
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Monterey saw an opportunity.
It started a company of landscape and floral design.
He created a farm outside of Molocum, and he started growing toles and liberals, that he said, could survive the hard weather of Molocum.
And it started the delivery of flowers for wedding bombs, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working in creating the world's first public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Molocum.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial routes.
By the way, he doesn't grow rotate because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Montagos had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for a NGOs, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
It forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encourage you to believe that they could be entrepreneurs who could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
It took business solutions for local problems.
So inspiring young people and creating a culture of business spirit is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put out of their business.
They connect young people with the resources they need, the breakfast they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Monterey is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
You have to hire children from the street to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralyzed portrait.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is -- to turn young people into entrepreneurs and they get involved and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and parks of peace than subjectively and paralyzed.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Mountain mountains, an area attached to the north of New York State.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest converted.
The sun made the leaves shine as a vitamin, and not to be on the path that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shell in a record with a beautiful glass lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the suburban, there was a garbage of about four square feet with apple heart balls of aluminum paper balls, and it was old.
And I was unfortunately, and I was very angry, incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to pull out what they were wearing, who thought he was going to clean up their base?
That question followed with me, and it was simplify a little bit.
Who clean our junk?
No matter how they organize or where they put the "performance, who clean our trash in Egyptian?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash, to the reason for 11,000 tons of waste and two tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to meet you as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does the uniform feel and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in office and facilities around the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an interface.
I needed to go more.
So I started working as a garbage collection.
Now I didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And they operated the mechanical screens and bar the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong you were used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept standing on the weight of taking on their body tons of trash every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Laboratorium Laboratories, the waste collection is one of the most dangerous consensus in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you spend it around you.
They just want to happen, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangerous danger.
I also learned about the inherited of garbage.
When you go out of the house and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming out.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste collections are the most important work of work in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first property of public health.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective way every day, this begins to stream out of your condoms and their inherent dangers are threatened by very real forms.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and they start to give them.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we have no space for the new so that the motor engines start to fail when they are in danger.
I'm not advocating by capitalism, just sign your relationship.
And then there is what I call our daily speed speed necessary.
I mean just the speed we used to move on in the contemporary time.
We don't usually worry about ourselves, and we would be cut, we cleaned up or we carry with us our cup of coffee, our motorcycle bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them down, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will take away from it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about the waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and include it in that conversation about how to design sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost artist.
They're on the street every day in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you would expect.
And his work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves from our own waste of our own waste, our dumping, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I heard the graph of a waste collection on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey as he did all the migrates.
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and he just did, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be fine.
Shortly after that, I started to investigate the restore of waste and I went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rediscover the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have in account every cost, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage. They represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, it takes a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking in our community life by making part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from the local conditions and traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects like this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in the capital of Ethiopia, Anders Abusive.
This is the kind of building that they showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design about.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out running."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight it.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to use a lot of energy because the cross-section of the crystals generate heat inside the interior, so you need a lot of cooperation.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa and Ethiopia.
It's a urge to take a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the old market that is this free structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small self-assembles.
That's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a shopping center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a lot of a lot of the city growth, where a lot of the buildings we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs in the building.
And this is spread with an inclined atmosphere that creates a free air space in the building that is self-controlled, because of its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes on every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do I close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that would respond to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to an ant shell.
We then inspire these beautiful buttons of the electrodes of the stars.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade here.
We are building that with these little pressure pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside of the building.
This is activated with these little crowds of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a business center. It wasn't what we ask.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because of the end of the day, there was more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economics, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it no longer need to have air conditioning anymore.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve the email installation for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that will create this urban oasis.
And these portions on the roof, that they set up water for the sanitation of the inside.
It's expected for early year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest that I have designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also to its environment, their tradition and culture.
During that analysis I had special attention in the middle, a 1,000 year-old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these rapidly.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this changed the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the middle climate apartment?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house, and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we overcome a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with passwords, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on the upper levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reducing the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all neighbors can go up and socially, and do activities like running a two-theme career in the morning, or jumping out of one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies, at the same rate that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class -- it was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
He had great amounts of bright hair and a little peak singer suit, cute it was strong for the capital of states, very good for gratitude.
I finished that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my sinister plane.
And one day I got a time after the school outside of school, I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was affected, I went out in the classroom, taken from the table of my teacher to the grades.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rivals, just a little bit, just some of it.
All of them.  And I dare to give you the book to the card, but to see, some of my other colleagues had very good notes as well.
So in a floor, I run the notes around the world, no imagination.
I put all lines from Day and myself a row of that, just for being there.
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
So it was all profoundly obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I was obsessed with the reason I bothered me that this little girl, so small, was so good for gratitude.
I was intrigued by the cents.
They're so mysterious and so perfectly.
We know that babies suffer from the cents.
Also the primates, the blood birds are very proud.
We know that lions are the number one cause of culture murders in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that will analyze loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novel is like the lab in which you study cells in all their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration saying that if there were no census, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen influence, there would be no "Archive")
There would be no lion and "There's a nine and a night?
There would be no Shakespeare shows.
They would disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing "The Royal and the Farmas," there would be no "Google and "There's "No? We will lose "Mandarine Bonda and "Love K.C.
Without the cents, there is no Proust -- I know it's fashionable to say Project has the answers for everything, and in terms of the census, almost all of them.
This year you took 100 years of his master play, "In the lost time -- the most exhibiting study of the sex cells and also the ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Project, we have the sensory details -- right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a furniture management in your landmatches.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how impossible it is.
I mean, it's books that Virginia World said they were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what the title of cat is, but we assume it's surprised.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the lions and Project.
It will be very obvious like the cents, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their imperatives, are a good strange narrative based?
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel centers.
When we feel censors, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being at the same time and a audience, we know exactly what details will do, to capture the knife -- right?
The cells make all amateur novels, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could make someone else, maybe right now.
And it starts to tell yourself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Santa detected in his lover, he added him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Project, they were notoriously accurate.
You know, Programmer of Project would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so close to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The lions are allegs.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the climbers?
The lions are narrated from information.
The elites use the details.
The lions like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small store of peacefully.
The lions are named from the photos.
That's why Indian is so successful.  Professional links well the advanced language with the centers.
When Santa is in its cells of cells, he suddenly hears behind the doors and bribe to the smiles of his lover, then defined those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is removing, but it's not different than an old text interpretation or looking at a monster."
He says, "Do you have scientific research with real intellectual value?
Project is trying to prove that the lions look international and make us seem absurd, but in their retirement, they are search for knowledge -- the pursuit of truth, a real painful truth. In fact, to what Proust is worth, the more painful the truth.
The pain, the humiliation, the loss, these were the pathways to the wisdom of Project.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to be a much deeper and more vital range of feelings than a wise man who can be interested in it."
Is it telling us that we're going to look for crime women?
No. I think it's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
Is there any other emotion that makes us open up this particular way?
Is there any other emotion revealed us our agriculture, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look in such peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that her wife dedicated him.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspected without any cause.
But he was looking for things that did his wife without realizing investigation.
Do you smile too much? Or does it accidentally run with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the country of unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but without accuracy.
In fact, the more we are, the more we become the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the elites lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells drive us to behave in a completely initiated ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
One woman in Michael 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which it was sent out to be sentenced to himself for a year for a year.
For a year, a whole year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former north. I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration with admiration as well.
Because, let's be realistic.
How huge, even though unexpected, creativity. Right?
It's like novel.
As a novel from Park Hills.
Himbasky is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
This is the "The Telephone in a Train, and "The Talies Mr. Rivers, books that are trying to do the cells, confirm our minds, and once we are in the sphere, in the realm of the census, the membrane that separates what might be, can be persuaded in a minute.
Take Tom Reddirm, his most famous character.
Tom Redesign is going to want or want what you have to get away from your own being and you can see what you ever had, and it's under the floor. He responds to your name, it takes your rings, your bank says.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Reddirffiend.
I can't give you all the world, as much as I would sometimes want.
It's a slide, because we live in a time of envy.
We live in the time of cells.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the energy -- right?
The novels show us the support? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not secure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to the 2411 of Baker Street and asked us by Silicon Hollywoods.
When people think about Hollywoods, they think of the male management at Professor Morgan, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred "The Reserve Leone, the head face of Scottish Oaklan that needs Holly desperately needs Hollywood genius, but he was upset.
Oh, it sounds so familiar ...
Self-income needs its help, but the resident of the rest of the minister and burning in the decline in each of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and then finally in "The And Silk And Self-American Adventist," once Hollywood comes in, he would wake up all with his solution.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him that there's no person in School Oakland that I wouldn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the time that we see Hollywoods transported in history. I look like this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Hollywood minute is the opposite side of Leonardo.
The next minute is the same side.
Suddenly, Leonardo lets you admire that idea of being he the fisheries.
Could it still be so simple?
What if atheists are really a matter of geometry, just a question where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to support each other.
We can get away with it.
But I like content plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction for consumption.
Only the fire disasters just disappeared.
The fiction, just the domestic, invited them to the table.
And look at what he will -- the sweet Leonardo, the terrifying Tom Reduction, the crazy Santa Programmer.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11th moon and went down on the Martin Sea.
Armstrong and Alan were alone, but their presence in the grid surface was the culmination of a collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest movement in peace times in the history of America.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave a job to about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo end, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Dong walked on its surface, which Alan after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back back -- 360 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 embraced later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy -- some ask, why the Moon Moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And they could also ask, why would you scale the highest mountain off?
35 years ago, why would you fly over the Atlantic fly?
Why do I play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Potter: For the contemporary -- the Apollo was not just a victory from the West on the east in the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was the most strong emotion of the transparency of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The moon on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological trials.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, it was eradicated and eliminated the smallpox.
Technology seemed to have what Alvin Tailan in 1970 called "a appearance of acceleration."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism joy on the power of technology has been expanded by seeing that problems that we imagine as going to Mars, create clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seem to be innovative results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 stop.
I was five years old, and my mother told me they don't look at the classroom called the Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from "And occurred to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists were distributed and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which has been created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel was funded in, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culture, in particular, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs at the time.
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment causes that you change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their high point without worrying about risk, they would prefer small investment, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The CO2, they've always had trouble investing in technologies as energy, which need enormous capital and which is in the long term, they have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes, we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular and that will never happen.
Let's not go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biomechanics. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the biomass.
We want sources of alternative energy that can compete in price. They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties include the development of alternative energy -- most of a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy of the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that looked like technology, they won't be done.
We know from time that famines are a result of failure.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect computers the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest, or systems for storage and food replace, but there will be famine while there was bad government.
Finally, the big problems sometimes lead a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nigerian declared the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only over the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present. The political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems -- it meets those criteria with those criteria in it.
But it's a relevant model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no glamorous competition like in the Cold War, there is no politician like John Kennedy who inherited the hard and the dangerous thing, and there's no popular science mythology as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon it turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even doing any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start remembering the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become cliche from our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a remote, there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the return, the goal and task have been posted in.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task that I think gives you a clearest idea about the subject.
First the remaining, why people think that trust has disappeared?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge you to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't know.
But I can turn to the opinion polls and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
That is, the people who were disappointed 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, they continue to inspire the same demographics.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago is still quite reliable, judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in half.
But is this evidence enough."
What the opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you look at are the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Do I trust the politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you, "Do you know in the green?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust primary professors?
You probably started to ask, "What do you do?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answer your question, "Well, trust some, but in other nones."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to delay trust in a different way.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel about a certain kind of officer or officials or type of person, is going to be uniform in every case.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain elementary teacher I know to give the lessons of reading, but in any way to drive the school microscope.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good deal.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
What if we've got those evidence in our daily lives in the way that trust is different, why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract way?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good inherent judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue you.
I'm going to urge you to have more confidence in what is to deserve trust, but not what it isn't.
Ultimately, I'm a parameter to not trust what is not reliable.
And I think those people who were throwing their savings with the very closely named Mr. Mada, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confused.
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life.
Trust deprived or negative, that's the right target.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, okay, that means that what matters in the first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is to make a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that a person is competing in the perfectly of the means, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible for, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I don't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forget.
I have friends who are very sure that you can do certain things, but I see that I overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely destination.
If you look like that, I still haven't been approaching.
But that's what we're looking for, trust before I trust.
Trust is the answer.
The trustworthiness.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so forth, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a party and said, "Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than going on in you."
And we found the same problem in all of our public lives, institutional life, that the accounts of accountability that are destined to guarantee confidence and trust testing, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they have the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parties -- demanding it to be "plastic the canes, as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more exciting, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust, and we're going to treat people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or political are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, simple actions, attitudes -- which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task to rebuild trust, it puts things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in the end, is a distinction because they give us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all people, all the time.
But you also have to do flattered evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is a daily day, all everywhere, does the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my calories says that I can get them back without giving explanation to you.
I take you and get my money back, or I get changed by the color that I want.
That's great. I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not very hard to discuss.
What people trust is the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers we have been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be deployed.
This separation has been reduced, more and more and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder -- and if there were no barriers ...
I started to imagine what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when we add it strong against the screen transfer its physical body to printers.
Designers can material their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers out.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the salts of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Popular Science -- along with my mentor California Balkanian, I gave up the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and the face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as grab a book from a storm.
You can dig the book and make lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we enter in the digital world.
What if we invest the roles and make digital information come towards us?
Most of us, many of us will have bought and take things around the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in the head or transition when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just looking at pieces in space, how can we make these physicists so that we can touch them and feel it?
What would a future like this?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Israel and my collaborator Red Post, we created this only physical picture.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D spike in space, which involves the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was we set gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation -- mechanical and detectors.
And in programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach cooperations physically and at the distance, and the famous take Michael Jordan, can be replicated as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the planet movement, the physics, and, unlike the monitoring or the textbooks -- this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physics part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information is not only going to show you something but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to deal with our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
They trained me to become a commodities for two years in Hyderabad, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses passes.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly create that there was only a closed path to happiness -- safe work and well removed.
No matter if the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera sing.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young people to learn the advocates, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
I used to do the director of the school and a radio program.
But no adults had liked the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another calling.
No one to me around me wanted to show me? Okay.
I went to the books.
(Audience Commandments, from Santa Chair Chair: (Audience School -- I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth, is about the Chinese commercial life.
And it's not convenient propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but weird.
That's one topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a replication, "Do your father and your mother."
"Hey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than you obey it."
So it became my tool to get out of this conscious guilt of guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
I meet a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit.
It opens up many perspectives.
For example, at first this map seemed to me because this is what students in China learn.
I never had occurred to me that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Comparison is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can be treated by people -- Malibu Franklin, from Walter Buddhists, "Aristotle Adams," who were involved in a very summer, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crisper, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual people.
For the Buddha -- they're all psychological -- lucky, fear and social story." Interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
["The Train of Childhood Times, Thomas Merceland, "The Walker Train Rater," instead of losing it in the translation -- found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "playful in Chinese literally means "performance fast."
And "Cheer in Chinese, literally means "to matter mother."
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know it will not feel just or impressive never again.
Having a distributed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I have come to believe that the answer is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from.
Even a distributed dream can do that for you.
And that's because of books, that I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always get them in.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychology client.
I was a Ph.D. student in Berkeley clinical psychology.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex went into the first session using radiologists and a hall of a hallucination -- stood on the couch of my office took my shoes off and told me I wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so slowed.
My class colleague had a pile as a first client.
And I took a film that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex led to the sessions -- it became easy to just move the head while we went back the solution.
"The Treaty are the new sides," he said, Alex, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start to work after, you house later, you have children later, even death goes on.
For leaders like Alex and I had time to go.
But soon after, my surprise prepared me to press Alex to talk about his love life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Ahlin, it's coming out with the guys underneath your category, and it fits with a heart head, but it's not like you would marry him.
And then my supermarket said, "No no, but maybe it married the next one.
Also, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it comes up?
Is this what psychologists call a "Mom moment?
It was when I realized that the 30 are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex being a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex to be the perfect moment, and we were deployed it.
And I realized that this kind of benign charity was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his love life, but for the careers and families and future forests all over the place.
There are 50 million leaders in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood without going before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the leaps here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with leaders, you love a leading, you take the dream out of a leaders, I want to see. It's fine. Incredible.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at the age of 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and times "Are they shape your life will have happened to when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't train in panic people.
This audience is going to be good, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win.
We know more than half of Americans are married, or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stages of growth in their 20s and replaced for adults, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now it's time to change themselves.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20 than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to their top at 18, and things become complicated at 35 percent.
The 20 are the moment to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where their daily and common life has a descended impact on the person that will become a breakthrough.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the leaders are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists had ridiculous names to the leaps like "plays and "sleeping?"
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a transition that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berlin said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you give you a pat in your head and say, "Do you have another 10 years to start your life."
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and not absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart little laptops, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know that my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20 are to finish and still have nothing to show up.
I had better closet the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound something like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 1930s, the music was turned off, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one going stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30.
Where are the leaders here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but you don't wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the trailer and so many of you will start a career, pick a city, choose a couple, and have two or three children in a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not comparable, and there is research that starts to show -- which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything in the 1970s.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
I realized you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give you a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and foreign people look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20s, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the leaders are doing and thinking.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a show.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend.
And despite living about 20 very hard, his previous life had been even harder.
He cried often in our sessions. But then she woke up herself by saying, "You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got her head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for a director, and he had spent the whole morning with his many contacts, but then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words "In the case of emergency, please call the "thing?"
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said, "Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who's going to take care of me if I get cancer?
At that time, I took a lot of work to resist and not say, "Oh."
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried about it.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma went in front of it.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the leaders, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that makes value to your person.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emma career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that intervention, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not tearing up the letter exploration, I'm launching the exploration that I shouldn't count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's programming.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell them.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are surrounded.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport, but the letters that come together with friends with similar minds are limited to who you know, what you know, how you think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person coming out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
New things come from what they're called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the leaps have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the form of collapse to this group.
Half of the work created never published, then knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way to get a work didn't published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information is happening.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a school, Emma soon chose his family, when he has a partner and shapes his own family.
I told Emma the time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit in than 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live right now or you access now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the height of the height is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that means being so intentional in love as you are at work.
Pick your family has to be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just doing it or kill time with whatever it is to choose you.
So what happened to Emman" ...
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a job there.
That job of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend.
Now, five years later, it is a special event of events.
This married man with a man who chose consciously picked up.
He loved his new career, love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Ahlin the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
The story of Emma can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with allocators.
It's very easy to help them.
The leaders are like planes that come out of the Los Angeles airport, which go somewhere in the West.
Just before the tape, a slight addict on his trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji in Fire.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25 or 25 and even the 29, a good conversation, a good description, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generation.
Here's my idea of spreading all the workshops that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege to tell you to limits like Emma every day -- the trains are not the new 20, you get their adulthood, they get identity capital, they use their weak bond, choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consultant for a work that was even more demanding -- the dog.
I went to teach you mathematics to graduate students in New York Public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, I would calculate the grades.
What I had called the attention was that the C. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have the scanners of C.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me to think.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure -- are hard, proportion, deception, the area of a parachute.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time.
After several years of dogging, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better way.
Is it C. But what if you succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn in a quick and easy way?
So I left the classrooms, and I went to college to become psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the West Poet West Poet.
We tried to predict what chains would stay in military training and who would be replaced.
We went to the National Conservation Consensus and we tried to predict what children would move as far as possible in the competition.
We study non-lethal teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods -- wondering what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to keep their job proper?
And who's going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a characteristic of a feature of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was deterministic.
Determining is passion and perseverance.
Determining is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my definition of deterministic and then waited around a year to see who are protected.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate creation, even when I put them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the Devilament National Contest where determination matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk of dropping it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know how little science knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop determination in children?
What do I have to do to teach kids a solid job ethical?
How do you keep them motivated for the long team?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determinists.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who are simply not going forward with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or increasingly related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing in children is something called growth metaphorics.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Death, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Darwin has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to stand when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop deterministic.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intentions, and we need to prove it.
We need to measure if you've been successful and we need to be willing to fail, to wrong, to start everything again with the lessons that you learn.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more expensive.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a crash, one of my most attractive memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and shape of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an overseas, it seems to be as imperfect as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the tricks of each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, messages of restaurants to understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I will start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as you can until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms in both sides, as if I was screaming in a frontal way, "Allenes: I'm fun -- this symbol is actually original to the form of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple door door in the old West.
I call a radical to these eight characters.
They're building blocks so that they believe many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's "successful?
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person gets their arms, this person is saying "I have this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prison, such as Johnny inside the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the finance.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a chair.  Easy to remember, since a tangible tree is quite improved.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that is burn.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, preserve.
Three together, those are submarined.
Put the sun and the moon riding together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon, Anderson.
A door, put a table inside the door, is the door office.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Today, touch somebody at home?
This person is coming out hidden from a door, spreading, advanced.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have careful adversity.
So we've already spent for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next eight characters will build another 32.
So with every small effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that you learn an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a fire of fire. It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we create Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employers were screaming to their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, the exile has become to get out.
A mouth that tells you where to get out is a stick.
This is a slide to remember that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my children, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The movie mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glemon, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand to it.
But when you see that film many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we raised our children in a kind of industrial complex show of childhood fantasy.
However, the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a couple of years later with it, interestingly, another film whose protocells -- a metal boy and a strike boy rescued to a girl dress as a guard of the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about?  Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Mirgin magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the adolescents.
But I think if the magician of Oz is being done today, the magician would say, Doroward, you're the Sanda sandwich as the prophet predicted it.
They use magical shoes to defeat the computer-generated military computers.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Olympic magician is that the most heroic characters, wise and even videos are women.
I started noticing this when I did Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of survivors had gone down.  So he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom she stood with her passengers behind him, and I don't think he would understand what happened, but in a slowly, it would absorb everything.
I wonder what to perceive me.
Would you be a matter of value, perseverance.
Would you have the feeling that Luke joined an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this to the 19th percent of 1939.
How do I win Dorea your movie?
And making good love with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow up Yeah, okay? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much food force F. force in movies for our children, and so little on the yellow balloon?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls, and they should read. It's very good.
I haven't read as much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know by experience that Princess Lewing doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that is microphone.  I think at the moment of the first kiss I really hoped that the credit began to appear because it's the end of the film, right?
My search has done, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you keep standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films focus on delivering the violin and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are many exceptions, and to defend the Disney princess in any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they, the boys, are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job when you teach girls how to defend the passenger, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the passenger.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Herrich and Katrina, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic -- each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who brought a little girl.
So, as many of you are thinking, this year, eventually it came wrong.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when he came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie from a princess of prime.
It's very good. Don't let it stop them.
Well, almost none of these films happens the George test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still not ready and already spread, but maybe we're going to start a movement.
Allen George is a comic comic comic shot, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of the advention of movies that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions you have to do -- in the movie, there's more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else apart from the kid you like so much --  Okay? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film we know and love.
In fact, this week, I went to see a very good quality film, Archie.
Right? Russel from Oscar, take a catalyze idea of a consensus of what a Hollywood movie is.
Virtually doesn't happen the George test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embarrass where men and women hide during the revelations crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hidden, and it's the great moment for one of the activists to get a look at the door and say, you go to bed and director?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 more popular films, how many of them think they have female protocells?
Oops. It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to disappoint this room.
The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says that it has been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of mass entertainment.
I don't think movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think music videos or porcular videos are closely linked but something wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual algebras.
Who are those guys? What are those guys?
What are you not able to learn.
They're analyzing the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the violin with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about it?
Are we analyzing that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a power charge, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask, but is it going to be able to ask, is it going to protect them if at the same time, active or passively -- we're educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to the parents.
I think we have to show our male children a new definition of men.
The definition of males is changing radically changing.
You have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the stability.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what he was his favorite character from Star Wars know what he said."
Open."
Obama and Goldman and Glasiti.
What do these guys have in common?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies who know more than no one, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories where I tell my son, and he looks and struggle only and more stories where you see his work is to join a team -- maybe a team led by women, helping other people improve and be better people, like the Oxford magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shops.
They're covered with sand and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I was used to look at me.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect me.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archetype.
And finally when I started studying adult, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles long.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to do another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared infection.
This is a place located on the eastern Delta of Egypt called Bell.
And the place, in the naked view, seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and process it by using fake color, suddenly the place looks like bright rose.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian activity.
I want to share with you how we have used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Immedia was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Face, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire. There was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The epidemiologists have always known that Immeries was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that they built them, pointed inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge storm plant.
This area is enormous. It's about 6,000 miles away.
Before, the Nike jumped right next to IMF, and as it changed over time, he moved to the east and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city studied in a strong landscape?
Trying to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a shell, with your eyes sold and using baseball gloves and wearing baseball gloves using it.
So we use NASA statistic data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nike was.
But you can see more determined, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italian.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing showing work, you can see it here.
When I say shows, it's like the show of shows in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human opposite.
Five feet down, underneath a thick layer of ship, we found a dense layer of cheering objects.
Does this mean that in this possible image of Italian -- five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire -- exactly the same period that we think is Illinor.
We also found work of permission, corroborary, card and cat, what it shows that there was a jewelry shop.
This might seem like it's not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the grandmother of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used to use.
So we have a dense layer of occupation, which is from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Immerican here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire was probably written at Immerical 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is the biggest of all vocalizations.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So according to TED it wasn't founded in 1984 by C.
They make ideas actually start in 1984 to C, in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the pursuit of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing out in front of the door of the house.
I'd like you to pay attention to the heart of the door, to the material that he's done.
Now I visualize a group of obese nutrients in bicycle.
They're competing in a national charge of bike and they're going in the direction of their entry door.
I need you to see this.
They're pushing strong, they're swimming down, they're going to jump a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bikes flying all over the place, wheels that pass on its side, rays from the wheels that end up in absurd places, put the door out of the door.
In the verb, the hall, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of the light -- the light shining on the Golden Monute.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that he talks about.
You can feel your blue block doing it in the nose.
You can smell the air cookie and you can get it on the mouth.
They put on the one side and they train their living room.
And in the room, and doing a maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Super.
It's a little bit of clothes, dancing over his center meat, singing "Hey Mar Time."
Now follow the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow blocks, and from the oven comes to you Doroward, the Mexico Man and the Titus and the Lester of "The YouTube of Your Hands, arrested your hands, jumping up to you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Medicine Company.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I suppose, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were measuring hundreds of random numbers, looking at them once.
They declared the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They declared entire poems in just minutes.
And I compared to see who I could memorize with more quickly the order of a card deck of paper.
And I thought, "This is incredible.
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coke who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Well, when did you realize that you were a seed?
Ed said, "I'm not a sandwich.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everybody who is involved with this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained us to make these miraculous memories of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that civilization used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize whole books.
And my reaction was, "What did I have heard about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English -- although a little bit exclusively, he said, "Oh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Saddam?
And I said, "What? No, why?
I would like to teach Britney Superman how to memorize the order in a live Christmas deck on national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it.
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Supergraphers, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start for something ...
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also to research, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.U.
He's an angiogenesis, it's probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem, it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pene. He was based on the David House paper in the movie "Steve Man.
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorize phone books, was selfish.
And when I come back, I read a number of treaties about written memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained memory, discipline and culture was not as rare as it might look like today.
A long time ago, people invested in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but we've also changed us.
They have changed culturally and I would say that they've changed us as well.
As we almost have no need to remember, sometimes it seems like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where you still find passionate people about this idea of trained memory, discipline and culture is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so singular, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Would they want to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or unknown different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they just smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and forms of snow chickens. They found that in memory champions they found the brain parts of the brain, different to others.
They were actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed race where anyone comes up with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times a memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 letters of material categories that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and just mastered him.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,500 random binary dignity.
Half an hour. Yeah.
And while there is a large amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call "sleeping embrace."
It illustrates with a paradigm known as the "Google Parker, "The "The Following The following: I say to two people who remember the same word. I tell you, "Do you say there's a man called Babylon."
That's his question.
And then I ask them, "Do you say there's a "good "plane?
And when I go back later, and I ask you to "Do that word I told you a late?
Tell me what it was?
The person he was told that his name is Ballet is unlikely to remember the same word as the person he was told that his work is "Learner?
The same word, different capacity to remember, that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Ball, it doesn't really mean anything for you. It doesn't have any relationship.
With all the other memories they dance for your head.
But the word, "I have "self-interest? We know parasites.
They use simple white words.
They have hands in your hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some paradise.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting paralyzed business to find them very quickly at some time.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is a 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece Green.
It's known as the "graduate of memory?
The story says this: There was a poet called Simons that I attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, he didn't get to a DVD, it was hired to a poet.
He stood down, he got his poem out of memory, and he was laughing, and so soon it was, the room of the bank collapsed out.
killing everyone.
But not only killed them all, but it destroys the bodies by leaving it.
No one could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting on.
So you couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simulations, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- I closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in the invitation.
It took the family of the hand to take them where they were their loved ones between the rubble.
What instincts will be advertised at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively -- and it is that no matter if we're not good enough to remember names or phone numbers or instructional instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and spectacular space.
If I asked you to remind me about the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Symmetry, it's very likely to make it very hard to do it.
But betting that if I asked you to say who I was sitting on the horse the brown horse in his verb, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and publish it from images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, crazy, funny, drawing and support is the picture, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin, at the first way.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that civilization had done if you had invited it to TEDGlobal about 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're at the door of your house.
And it involves some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inevitable image, to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Gallery Monterey Montered about Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce their friend Ed Coke.
And then you'll see Britney Superman to remind you that funny anecdote that they want to tell.
And then they walked into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roma speakers memorize their speech, not word for words, which is going to confuse them, but typical per typical one.
In fact, the term "Halley comes from the Greek "We means "takes?
It's a self-assembly of when people thought about the dragonfly and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase "the first place would be like the first place in his memory paleon.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of it.
I went to some of these memory competition and I had the idea of writing something extinct about this consciousness of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a patiently boring event.
And seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting in testing. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets to the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put it in his place.
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school span bought in a pulse market.
And I discovered that this was absolutely entertaining.
I would never expect it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about to do is improve more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images and comics, complications, installation, abstraction, anti-task hope, in the eye of mind.
And I was quite pleased with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for the memory competition.
It's a pair of heroins and a few security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that had covered a year before. I had the idea that I could go in, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and you ready to buy it, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because it's based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be able to build memory palms or memorize cards of nature -- to benefit with a little bit of thinking about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a big memory as if it would be an innate donation, but it's not the case.
Great memories are education.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory of memory, these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make we work.
They run a kind of deep processing -- a complete kind of attention that most of us are not going to go through there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memorized.
And if there's something that I want to leave you with today, it's what E.U. -- the angels that I couldn't even remember I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence in the Blackberry or iPhone, not paying attention to being human in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so male that we don't even bother to process in deep."
I learned from first hand that there are incredible medical capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will face just a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from No, Jerusalem, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents' home in a village called Lighting, and this was my children's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And in my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a bag that gave the living room.
And there's all the time looking at the television -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me, and every time I stood up and I went back in a towel in a towel -- everyone looked at me.
And I looked like this.
It was tormurous, insecure and hated it.
I hated that route, hated that balloon, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Right.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, and it's not about areas, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we face.
And it's no wonder that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency --  Americans spend 90 percent of their time underground.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even notice ourselves.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
So this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what it gives you -- they think of "the "performance, "planetary and "Hey?
And I know that they think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a rendering that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we used it to build houses.
Look, these stable solidarity sounds, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
People who build the urbanization and the governments, they always have fear of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we find buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Living who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- it has this round thing, columns -- soldiers, red block, that let me train what Lincoln is trying to communicate with this building, the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year, 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished in another library that looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use communication media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these so-called libraries -- are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the principle of pollution.
On one side is innovation, architects that constantly drive new technologies, new things, new solutions for the forms of life today.
We drive, we push and we push so much, that we get away completely from people.
All of the black, this is depressed, you think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and come back to connect with those similar symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like tripleting. So we start to experience again, we make the pen be born back and forth over and over again. So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we went from the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "complexity?
It's got to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small shoulders, on scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We set up the pump again in the other direction.
We take those ways that we know that like and we update them.
We add up and we add pasters and we use new materials.
They love them.
We don't get an appearance.
We took Chestra arms and turned them into rationalists, which can be medieval casting made of glass.
The shapes were actually and arrested, they won in auditorium and color.
They became columns.
The surgeons grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian ones.
Maybe with a nice bit of bread pangous.
This is what happens to the population.
This is what happens to the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Toran.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated and we started making the public shoot again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called demographic call.
We cut the historical symbols, we now count with new design techniques, and we find new compositions, a few ways that are star against other ways.
This is academic and crazy, and it's super propositious. You keep it totally excluded.
Normally, the shell pollute again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Guardian of Bilbao -- Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critically, academic and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times captured this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao grew up in a 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Sampri.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes and wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was slicked around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tattoos.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
Same thing did the main mayor of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tanks.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
He went to Zagat and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects on the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have walked up to the next village to see a building.
The transportation accelerated -- you can take a ship, an airplane, they can be tanks.
Technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on TV, and at the end, all of us are architecture photographers and the building is beyond their physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now, that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more buildings, before you know whether I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been a good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
Biological wasn't a two year-old movement, but about 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they throw them down.
That is never going to happen. I think, because we're at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of ants, from steel or elevator, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when it applies to the media to the media of communication, it starts to dig faster and faster, until it gets to be in both extremes almost simultaneously, and it was effectively melting the difference between innovation and symbols -- between us, architects and you, the audience.
We can now do almost instant symbols with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was incorporated.
This is the center of a village called Pennsylvania in the state of New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked like exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to reach and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media of communication, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes cooperation with collective memory, and when you charge these symbols. We learn.
That is, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Living.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet in search for liberals.
We would be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's music.
Manufacturing that you can take to the mayor of Livings, to the people of Living, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
So let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experience.
It's all different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use serious words and complicated drawings, and you are no longer a homeless audience that doesn't accept something that has not seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let you be intimacy by architecture.
That means that the smell of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Solo can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn, can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historic imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are insulin from nature and not in reverse.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even one can marry at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause, no longer a client alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little gentleman page, as musical and fibers like the animals you're going to see.
Because no longer matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological and smarter buildings, more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides anymore.
You'll find an architect, and it will contribute and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape them to the smallest spaces, local libraries -- households where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steven.
He just turned a year and it already started walking.
And it does it in that great, typical way of children in a year, took it, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflex.
It's laughing and chair, and it gives itself those big and bit of biomedical kisses themselves.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it. And it made me think, when did I do this?
How is it that suddenly we're not about our approach?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, "Am I fall?
This is Fai, he's 13 years old, and he lives in Denia.
And as any teenager just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time it's beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
Between what his mom tells him, and what his friends or school colleagues say, don't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of her himself, I published it on YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment, "I'm nice or a faith?
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disabled, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current, which gets these answers in one of the most emotionally vulnerable ones.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you doing to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, classroom, saying, "I like you -- saying, "Look, putting this out, this is never over.
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are inherently.
This environment, to be always connected, is adding our kids to interpret them based on the number of "I like it and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What's the scariest thing in somebody's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for the inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are covered from the news of girls now.
Olympic matrix models continue to dominate our passwords.
The advantage of the advance is now a routine now.
And trends like these, thermostates, Silicon, anthropological and overwhelming.
For those of you who are adding, it means presentation.
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are.
But kids are not immune to this.
It's like the supermarket stress stars and standards and self-organized.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical skills, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see beautiful enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as conscious to society and the labor development camp.
31 percent, almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, avoid participating in classroom arguments, because they don't want to call the attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when you don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see you good enough -- specifically if you don't think you are thin enough, you get a lower note about the average of your classmates who don't care about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and United States and China.
And it is regardless of what these young people are.
So, to make it clear, we're talking about how you see you, not what you're really about.
The low self-esteem on his body is working on academic performance.
And it's also harvesting health.
The teenagers with a few self-esteem make less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more non-lethal diet that can take them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all of this because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, artificial diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and self-esteement damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pressured to the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they are overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher abstract rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think for a moment what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that happen?
By releasing this potential is in interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, for itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that a lot of well integrated programs without realizing it, the situation.
So we need to make sure that the program that our children follow not only will have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the limbs in the issue, and we are a better model to continue by women and girls in our own lives.
The current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to count with the application of our politicians in either hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to insist that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start doing it by assuming the responsibility for the kinds of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you -- when was the last time you were based on a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children will grow up to value all their person, to value the individuality, the diversity, the influence.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestrian.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way they believe that they are never seen to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who do you have in mind?
A wife ...
To your sister.
Your daughter ...
Is it your suit? Her friend?
It could be just the woman who is at two seats of distance. What would it mean for her if it was released from that self-driving voice inside his interior, which was overwhelmed by not having long legs, more thin mines, a more flat, small feet."
What would it mean for her if we were going to overcome this, and we would say the way to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is telling us all.
But we teach our children the truth.
And so we usually think the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is we love them for those who are and for what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small transmission of one year of age, they become safe agents of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five of 1990, a gentleman named Guithman New I joined a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Martin Karotula, the leader of the Liberia Defense League Leader.
Now, New York initially declared him innocent. But being pressure by other minor charges -- in the company of others, they started planning attacks at about 12 consultants in New York, including tunnels and sisters and the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant in the FBI.
Sadly, the 1987 bomb in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later, New York would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Emerries New is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a American mother, a primary school teacher, and between the two did everything the possible for giving me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims -- come to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get to want the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human groups, there is always a small fraction of people who are addressed so remarkable to their convictions that think you have to use all the possible media for everyone lived like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat down and explained to me that in the last few weeks, he and some friends had been going to trail in Long Island to practice.
He said I would go with him the next day.
We got to the California public police that, without knowing our group, was visited by the FBI.
When I was going to throw out, my father helped me hold the reflection in the shoulder and explained to me how to point to the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that shot I gave the little orange light on the target and, for all of us, especially me, the whole goal was in flames.
My uncle turned to the other and Arabic, he said, "I have about "a obese?
As a parent, such child.
Everybody -- the comment gave them a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny to do.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted of putting a completely charged range of standards in the underground park of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and diet to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
They called them "all Matter, which means uncle.
When I turned 19, I had already moved 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to do a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to somebody already a time to push and go to another city.
As it was always me the new face of the class often was a matrix of math.
I kept secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and region, was enough manual.
So most of the time I went home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
So for these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say soft -- to grow under fancy, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that put up my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a presentation program in which I was involved at the Indian National Convention in Philadelphia.
My group is focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a magic victim almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, to the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendships, was Jewish age.
I took several days to go out to light this detail and I realized that there was no analogy between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I was very proud of being able to beat the barrier that all life had made me believe that it was unfortunate.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Garden, a diversity park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures. That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that hyper-scale was a sin and, by extension, all gay men were bad influence.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most enjoyable and fewer critical I've seen in life.
Having been a child, I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy to treat young people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what that is about being homosexual, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the "Steve Troop."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my interconnections, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my particular shape in a moment that I was desperately to need.
Instead, inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist -- was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I'll hold in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the tired eyes of somebody who has suffered enough with the endless democracy and said, "I'm tired of hearing."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hate inside your inside.
My real name is not Zap Embroxic.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why I decided to go out and put it in a risk risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone else someday, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way. That even though I became inspired to this violent and intriguing ideology, I didn't get to make a profit.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against presidents.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism talk, against those meaningless acts as a rejection to my father's actions.
So with this simple I'm showing you here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that projects in their minds.
It's an incredible multitasking movie.
It's 3D and it has subtle sound of what you hear and you see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has successes, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hungry, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who project to your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in the way.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of the mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie itself, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a conscience of self.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that process what we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie in the internal movie in the way?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective for nature.
Consciousness, for nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, they predict that vision.
Psychology was studying obesity behavior. The neuroscience studied the brain, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
Neurons like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvania said, "The moment is time for science to deal with consciousness.
And since then, there was a true explosion of a scientific work of consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Karasan presented a few minutes ago.
We now understand a lot better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a computer science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to the neuroscience.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't deal with the true central mystery of this material, why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, give me a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the buildings, like the hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical employees are all cases of emergent behaviors, how they operate the buses, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt and metabolize the living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk about, how do we play chess -- all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why it is that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence -- the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have much to say.
I'm a scientific character.
I want a scientific theory of external engineering that works. For a long time, I would hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end I got to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we set up at this point.
We have a wonderful array of explanations, great. We're used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology -- biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
We don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness right now, is a kind of anomaly -- something that we need to integrate in our view of the world, but we don't even know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas. I think we need ideas that initially seem crazy before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dences, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
And actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs the explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me, and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promise.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental blocks, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that governments, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
Instead, they are considered fundamental and then the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is alleged.
In the 19th century Maxes found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental printers -- profitable concepts -- space, time, mass laws, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electronics, and put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that laws of rules.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental preserves, prosperity space, space, mass charge, then for a matter of logic, you have to embrace the list.
The most natural thing would be to make consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the way to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a remote.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can hang them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called a prostate, "Oh for everyone, the subject for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies even the microbes of Rob King, elementary particles.
Even a photo has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think.
It's not that a picture can be filled with anger when you think "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the routes."
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some of the raw sense of feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anyone think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to thinking with the physical process, is to link awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing -- there's consciousness.
Complex informal processing, like in a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Christ Tonesa, took this kind of theory and developed it retrofitating with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called the Pear, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration -- a high degree of peace, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a middle degree of information integration -- just as significant as significant -- pretty important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the piece of peace said to me.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In the theory of Tony, there will still be a level of different awareness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of pearl, high degrees of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that prosperity can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk to us about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking explained where the fire of earthquake exists?
From the picture of physically the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations of it.
In that vision, consciousness is not out of the physical world as a kind of advertising.
It's right there at the center.
This vision, I think, pandemic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have pretty serious social implications.
Some can be illiterate.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetable.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think I'm going to be thinking well, this tends to transform your visions while what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Arthur artificial intelligence system in the movie "I have?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of panding information, she has a complicated information processing process, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you put very serious ethical problems on the ethic of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of the supply of it.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of whole collective collection, the planet.
Does Canada have its own conscious?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED talk. Right now, we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that needs to be serious.
So this pick-and-related view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer than the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think eventually we'll find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Virginia.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I got together with my friends, I was caught with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to get to a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She hasn't actually got anything --  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's head, and I spent a lot of time looking at the "Serious Sands The Sampres Santa and "Star Cross."
Yeah, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered if we take disability out of the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Mellon, just after about 20 minutes at the 11 minutes of legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when do you get your speech?
And I said, "What a speech?
Well, I had been talking about the law of death for about a few minutes.
And he said, "You know, your metabolic speech.
When people on wheelchair are talking about inspiring things in school?
"For General in the Act room."
And it was then when I realized, this child had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we don't. And it's not a guy who is the guy -- that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our markets.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire it.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire them. Right?  Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I fear disconnected terribly.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied us in relation to disability.
Yes, you have sold us the lie that disability is So Mala.
It's bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make it excited.
And over the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one, "Your excuse is invented.
Or this one: "Before disappointment, integrated interest."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with pre-crafting carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the perfect term deliberately because you have a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we contrast the disability to the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so we can see them and think, "Well, very bad that it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that I've been talking about strangers to be able to express that they believe that I am brave or an inspiration source, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to get out in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is coming out.
These images, those images are considered people with disabilities.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not as bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things you can think of.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term "stress" disabled terms, deliberately because I was suggested to the social model of disability that tells us that we are more disability because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnosis.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very upset with him.
It does the things I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures too.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They just are using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to communicate in the way we do it, by sharing those pictures?
When people tell us, "You're an inspiration source, it tells you as a complement.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here blocking the inspiration, and you think, "Oh God, Steven, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
I learn from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learn that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbarian pieces to collect the things that go to me.  I learn the ingenious trick of how to load the battery on the cell phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the strength and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that is extraordinarily extraordinarily and cooking us.
I really believe that that lie that you've been sold about disability is the biggest inequality.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude, the reason that that's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smile in front of a ladder has never done it to become a breast.
Never.   Sovereigner in front of a TV screen will not make up the supermarkets for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and making a positive attitude to convert all those books into the barrier.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Spanish The Samara Sanda, don't consider not to deserve anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we are happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities. And I want to live in a world where a 11 degree boy in a high school in Mexico is not a little surprising that their new teacher is a wheelchair.
disability doesn't make us extraordinary, but question what you think you know about it as it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see the augmented reality and the professional football of the empathy?
And what is the average speed of a contrast without a load?
Unfortunately, today just respond to one of those questions, so please don't get apart.
When people think of augmented reality, they think about "Mom Reporter, and in Tom Cross in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happens because we have the tools for it, and people need to know it, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the increase reality?
The first step is what I carry on, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
Let me experience what is being a professional sports in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 miles -- the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds of 150 pounds are given to us, trying to do with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of NASA practices, because the idea of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface. But we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kaneka: Come on.
It's horrible to be a hand.
A moment. Let's take a little bit.
Preserved?
Go!
Chris Kaneka, as you can see, is a proposition of what it is to be a plate in the football field, from the perspective of the market.
You may have realized that you need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them from the University of Washington.
Marine field, Matts 45,000 Katesan Kanziesa.
Blue eight, Blue OK. Go!
Chris Canada, this is a little bit more of the feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being at NASA.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they have asked me on YouTube and Twitter and Twitter can see from the angle of a field marine.
Or a recent?
We want to experience that.
Once we have that experience with Goldman and Google Glass, how do we get full of us, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called Einstein Richard, which surely many of you know.
The ECX Rouge has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Oh.
CA: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Pent crossing the line, getting out of a cartilage with the arm before running and making a story -- what will be the experience of a fan fan.
When you can be Mendell running through the shirt, launching the ball at the bottom of the Web -- or Fed by doing a password in William?
What will be your experience when it comes out of a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic spin?
Maybe you increase the sales of adults for adults.
But this is not still increased.
It's just virtual reality, Rongo.
How do we achieve augmented reality, RIP?
We will take the augmented reality when the coaches and the motors and the owners look at what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win party?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief record on the technology at NASA.
In 1965, Baltimore Ports put a signal to their field marine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NASA puts radio radio in the cards of the field in the field and then in the defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine that you are a player coming back to your group and you see your next play shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you carry on. You don't have to worry about forgetting a play.
I heard about sharing strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate losing party.
And if you lose parties you give you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of an improved strategy.
And the augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the top of the people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerators, something that's already working on.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
The bad ones will have information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad people.
So your computer team will be as important as your receptors, and the data analysis stops being just for nerves.
It will be also for sports. Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you are the field marine.
You get the ball and back.
You look for an open receptor of a sudden, a floor on the left part of your bombsight you get a defense behind you is going to attack you, normally you don't see it, but the Rio system stops you.
Give us to the protection area.
Another line is stuck with an open receptor.
You throw out the ball, but you will melt you.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receptor sees in his bombsight a grass area that lights up and can modify the race.
He approaches the ball, it runs and running and sticked.
The public is advocated and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is this: Do we want this to be the only use of increased reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone what it is, literally being in the other person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lines.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it lives being perfect?
How much is it worth a Halley Commission or a Neil Delay Tesla trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of sacred notes and Karachi notes."
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality.
The questions that we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depends on it, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently judge myself after 23 years of service in the Hally Patrol of California.
Most of those 23 years I spent the southern end of the Mars County -- including the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is a iconic structure, known as the world's beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its inspired architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Stradks, the head engineer of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is practically trial of suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is no practice or likely.
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will take you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified like that, so that each one of them releases you from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass under your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a free of four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks the bone, some of which drill vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
The ones that don't normally stand in the water inherent and then drop.
I don't think that those who consider this subject of suicide will realize the death market to which it will be facing.
This is the wire.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people are going to be before they take away life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest time, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer looking at her life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who consider suicide but the officers too.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officials in it.
This is Jason Gartine.
I met it on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the city near the center.
I said, and when I came in, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gate bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here twice since New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason and asked us if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology -- Zero created Pandeman, and he sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said, "No, never open that box."
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Food, and she opened the box.
From she came out, sheets, and all kinds of evil against the man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and no hope?
It stopped a few moments, leaned on the right, and it was.
This nice and clever guy from New Jersey had just taken away life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, he didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents in Jason had asked them to have asked it.
The damage of suicide affect a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family or a friend or somebody loved the suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, it's not just to talk, but you have to listen to it.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, with you, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide -- you're not afraid to cope with them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, "Most in similar circumstances have thought about ending your life, you've had these thoughts?
To confront the person in front can save life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs to search -- despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to better, imposition, believe that there's nothing you can do about it, recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son on January 19, this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it is with her permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite unconscious, but I'm going to notice more moments to realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 percent party with her father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Peter Police and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that Michael car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1825 in the late day.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness.
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with you for your fight.
The GG: The Golden Garent Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go out the path that her son took that day, and also the value to go forward.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject on the edge of the bridge near the northern tower.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berlin, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately raised the shell on the barrier and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next time, and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided for his account that day back on that lane and giving life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, the happy thing.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it do to come back and give the hope and the other opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I'm listening.
You let me talk and just listen to it.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Brazil," nothing will erase the events of the 11th of March, and you are one of the reasons Kevin is following us.
So honestly, I think Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which has been properly medically.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious from all those heroic traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he said.
We thank God for you.
Sure in debt with you, Narrator Berlin.
And at the end of it, she wrote, "Oh, when I visited San Francisco Hospital that night, you figure out how the patient.
"I know I had to solve it."
Now, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that his story inspired others.
Suicide is not just something I've found on work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suffered with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole me the opportunity to meet me.
This is what suicide.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think to hurt another person.
They just want their own pain to end.
Usually this is achieved by only three things: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Japanese.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final adventure, I looked at me, and he said, "Google, I feel it, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horizon, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
In addition, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second person left the supermarket realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge we do, is something that every single one of us should be striving to do.
Suicide can prevent me.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are, but in your inner inside, you know what you are, and a question makes you market. How did you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had had since a girl.
My outside of my final fact to my inner truth with my inner truth with me.
For complicated reasons, the ones that I'm going to refer to later, when I look at this picture I think -- they made it German, you got it, you get it.
But the past October, I discovered that, just I'm starting to do.
All of us are embracing our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of liberating, to get rid of the limitations of the skin of the skin or for the beliefs of those around us.
They're people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, even ignore my story.
I think this pool is called replacement.
This is mine.
They recorded me as "God, when I was born because of the appearance of my genitality.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I was always wearing this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in the head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to fix them.
The gender has always been considered an individual fact, but now we know that, actually, it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I will be a bad thing, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate being woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess -- of the daughters.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that I celebrated these mystery.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something was flattened? This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a transferred beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you involved in the beauty concertos?
He told me that if she was going to participate, she would take care of the insecure and the verb course, and that night, I won in the bathroom, and he won in the bathroom and there was third fund between over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was of a Queen of treatment of transparent, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the shots, especially when we traveled to remote protocells from Philades.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my application of the green card that I could go to live in the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said, "You know that if you move to the United States you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I would put two to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand, they perform the most presentation, sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the U.S., it was necessary to do surgery before we change the name and the gender.
So in 2001 I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the "The "The "The Feminist General."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a trick, but for me it was the license for me to live, to feel worthy of it.
Suddenly, my fears were minimility.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman of manufacture Art News.
A young woman in New York who brave his truth, but that, distant, put his life over.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
Every 20 of November we make a global footprint for the Taliban Congressional Day.
I'm in this stage because of a long story of people who fought and stood in front of the injustice.
This is March P. Johnson and Sylvia Riverside.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing it, so that one day there is no longer than 20 in November anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Do you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
George Rocketta: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my benchings.
So my parents especially, my parents especially, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've been to young women who have come to young women who have originally, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it, I was taking the phone, called my mom and said, "Mommy, you can call this woman."
Sometimes it worked. It's just a gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
That is, we all take a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that assistant not climber -- and that there should be a space that allowed the paralyzing people, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The trans movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should be understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. Ghana. Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, the parents are usually known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi started his campaign for education, defending their rights in 2007, and when they were sending their efforts in 2011, by giving up the National Prize June of peace, he was very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice -- of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, his birth is not celebrating it.
It's not good, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives their condoms to the mother and no one's happy to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed to have a girl.
When it gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it was sort of sort of sort of short, and with the hope of a son, when he took his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only the mother is suffering, but the daughter. The daughter was just born, when he grows, he was also as well.
At age five, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school will admit his brothers to his brother.
Up until the age of 12 in a way, it has a good life.
You can enjoy it.
It can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when he served 13 years old, he was promised to go out of his house without a male complete.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you plot the code of that honor honest, it could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption code -- not only affect the life of a girl, also affect the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in behalf of the honor of honor.
And there's a norm more of the patriarchal societies called organization.
A good girl has to be very quiet, very humble and very successful.
It's the criticism.
The model of a good girl must be sticked.
It is supposed to be silent and that I accept the decisions of their father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if he doesn't want to.
If you house with a man who doesn't like or if the house with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a prosthetic throw.
If the very young house has to accept it.
Otherwise, I'll call it the supermarket.
And what happens in the end?
In the words of a poet, "The house, the tape, and then gives birth to more children and daughters ...
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, inexpensive the same lesson.
And this vicious cycle goes on and on.
I love brothers and sisters, when Malachi was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born -- to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And a lot before I was born, I thought about her name, and I was fascinated with a legendary locker of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malachi of Matthem, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "I was "like?
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admired her in my school.
You know, why should I mention the addition of a girl in a school?
Yes, I must mention it.
You can give it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
In a school means the recognition of his identity and his name.
An addition to school means that it has entered the dreams of dreams and aspirations where they can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks earlier, when I turned out the Canadian wine form, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the tips of some of my sisters.
And the reason was, I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and salitar of my daughter.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried insults in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malachi.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
He used education for embarrassment.
I taught my daughters, taught students to forget the lesson of orders.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called reserve.
loved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we meet a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use vents and stop going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the pink girls and the singers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few of them, and it was scary to have these people who kill and dream when you talk for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10, Mahmoud came up and raised for the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she was offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and talked to every platform that I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread like a clean clothes around the world.
And that was the reason why Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and on October nine of 2012, they were shooting in the head.
It was a false day for my family and for me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was struggling between life and death, I whispered in my ear to my wife, "Do I blame for what happened to my daughter to your daughter?
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame me.
Dependent on the cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, for the cause of peace, and for the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired by you and you join you.
They were both on the right path and God would protect it.
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't wonder again.
When Malachi was in the hospital and had severe pain and strong head headaches because his facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that was extended by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained about it.
I used to say, "I'm fine with my tourist smile, and with excitement in my face.
I'm going to be fine. Please don't worry.
It was a consultant for us, and I was considered.
I love brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he doesn't just take his job.
It's fought with their siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has done so bold to Malachi so brave and expressive and easy?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mobility group of Google, where I have had a dive to my card, the visualization of Google X -- but all the work I'm talking about here about the science of the brain, did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said, this is a stigma when you get into a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
Not like this, can you be able to be smart.
After neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky death part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscience.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I'll die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mixture of chemicals, and try to get them, to stay alive.
More than once I have saved me.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses because there's really no clear map that I say in detail.
I began to test with different mixes -- and I was surprised to see how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my autism, my sense of who I was me, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly amazing case, for a few months, I tried dominant doses and chemicals for a man of a side, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always huge, I thought it was all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types like this, or maybe some versions of it.
It turned out like an end.
But my big surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to actually be so insecure to fix a problem that had in front of it, and it just didn't happen like that.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my doses.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to get, when I adjust those hormones and neuroscience and so on, was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
And I tend to think almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference -- how do I get those mental images that I used to create protein my ideas, if you want to prove new ideas and recreate situations.
This kind of thoughts is not new.
Photographs like Humber, Descartes and House see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are those people who are questioning this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works, to me it's simple, for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and investment.
So after several years, I managed to find the right point and I've got a lot of great mental mentally, really vivid mental mentally, really sophisticated and very strangely.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination just to drive the world that has in the front.
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments made by two separate groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Gileage Gang and his colleagues from Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person who looks at an image.
The media column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you could imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by removing the contents of the central column on the left left, and you see that the difference is almost nice.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost nice.
Now, let me share you another experiment. This is from Jack Gladot in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brain waves into recently acknowledged visual fields.
Let's put it this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as their brains were scared to create a big barrier of reactions from the brain to video sequences.
And then you showed them a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as long as they record a new scanner.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scanning scan to show what seemed to be looking at it.
On the right you can see the computer dishes, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This led us to amazing.
We're okay to do it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you look at a picture and when you imagine that same image, you create in the brain the same map.
This led to the biggest resolution brain systems available today, and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening up the skull and introduced electrodes to it.
Don't offer me for that.
Many are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me. Tell me with the recent MRI result -- first we have to ask the following: this technology will be the end of the way."
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea, rather than bigger magnets -- make better magnets better.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arguments, like making a spread.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort at the MRI was to make really big, right?
However, most of the recent advances in resolution, of innovative and brilliant solutions in coding, and decorations, in the translations and recently radio radio receptors in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a single magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the Facebook radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing, we can increase massive information that you can extract in one scale.
Also, we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MIT we should be able to measure not only the fluid fluid, but the hormones and the beetles that I've mentioned and perhaps even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We're going to be able to open our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over language and communicate directly through thinking.
What would we be capable?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be crueled to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar disease.
We have a few more options than open this door.
Anyway, they pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just gay autonomy.
I think we all have a crafts.
His inability may be to tell some person for the first time that I love it or tell someone who's pregnant or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you have taken in life.
All armed is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can be structured, the experience of having lived and has come out of that grid, it's universal.
Day fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working in the South Side World Camp Carol, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several stages from the little intellectual military intensity -- I wouldn't shake my archetepts, I would quote the letters of Eve D France as a legacy.
And I'm going to be glad that by the motor of my short pants and for having supported my head to a little bit, I would ask myself a little child, "Hey, are you a boy or a girl?
And it would appear a silent silence on the table.
I took my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a land left with a rain.
The father was going to have the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold, look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I hold it up.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a boy or a girl?"
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to get in a full of the female issues on the table.  I had the quote by Betty Fridery quote.
The Gloria Steinnship quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Valley that I would show.
So I was breathing and I went down and I looked at the look and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist flood, just a girl with a question: "Are you guys or girls?
And then I was breathing again, I got out close to her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confusion.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, sometimes you like to use a comfortable pick.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pick."
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite picture is purple, and it has a fish.
Can you give me a participation please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the participation that I permissive?
It was the easiest difficult conversation ever ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the pandemic and I, both of us were honest with each other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some wars in my life, and yes, often, my walls used to be a cracks.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my weapon is not different to your own or the yours or your own.
I mean, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet, it was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: How hard is not relative to it.
What's hard is hard.
Who can tell someone who has been declared in a broken bank is harder to say it's been done?
Who can tell you that this story that I'm telling is harder than telling your five year-old son who will be divined?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop classify what is difficult about what's difficult for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relation to our archetepts, and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they may make security, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, it doesn't matter what your walls are made -- a hump is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I mean, I had a horse tail, a dress.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four year-old child coming into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, which was wrapped up on a corner of my dark closet. I was climbing my gay grass, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing ever before.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappear, and now the world turned back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a guy that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't throw that grain, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable jail launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I was doing my household ladies, in my black dress and tagged dress, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents' friends, people who knew me about years ago.
And after talking to a moment, one of the women would say, "I have Nathan Lagos."
And the gay narrative battle had begun.
"Who would you ever be in the Cape?
"Well, yeah, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco.
"Well, we've never gone there, but we heard it's fabulous.
"She "side," you know my Antarctica?
It's very good and never talked about having girlfriend.
"Steve, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grace.
And you know who loves us? Jack was."
Jack is our favorite one.
And then a woman, destined, but he desperately showed her support, to get me to know that I was on my side, finally said to me, "Well, sometimes my husband uses round shoes."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grain turbos.
It could surely have been easy to indicate where they felt limbs.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were writing.
And what else can you ask someone to ask someone -- but do you have to stretch?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Philadelphia of Patrocs.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any armed is essentially the same.
Number one: beautiful.
Take the armore. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be generous, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be directly. Just like that. Raise your parks.
If you know they're gay, I'll be able to tell you.
If they say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important?  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you can get safe injured for what they've done, but you never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that is not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you meet in a dark archive on a grain, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you. Bonobo. Enjoy the stone.
Interestingly, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote in Edison Dance that "The question of whether a machine can think about it's as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim."
When Education Dimitric wrote this he did this as a criticism of computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth or the Earth's intelligence on Earth, but they have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorist, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about Earth intelligence would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to some point in time, the asteroids that reduce the surface of a planet systematically stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as understanding the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I looked at a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines. I think, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be funded for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of the future.
Finally, in the robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, asking for several years -- there is an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes there."
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of one and a month for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keeping open choices, with a force T, with the diversity of the future accessible, yes, to an imminent future time, tweet.
In a few words, the intelligence doesn't like to get stuck.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Did you predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research research has suggested that the universes that produce more disorder or "to be "planeted, during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that conservative cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually comes directly from it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called England, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is in the inside.
Amazingly, Internet could spend multiple animal intelligence testing, played human games, and even earn money to trade action, all of them without having to do that.
Here are some examples of Intel in action.
Just like a foot of foot without falling, here we see Intelline balance automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave it to Indian a goal.
It just decided for his account balance the poet.
This equilibrium ability will have applications for human robotics and human assistance skills.
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out of opposite extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Intelligence can make a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Interface is widely applicable to a variety of domain domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game to put itself into its own potential for play.
So here we see Internet organizing new connections in a social network where friends are constantly delivering and keeps successful network constantly.
This same network of network fraud also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Intelline organizing the routes of a shape fleet of ships, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world of the world to the Pacific.
In the same way, Internet is widely applied to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Intelline spontaneously discover and execute a lots of looking and recording in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing the assets under its exponential management.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Muslims: What you've seen is that a variety of smart cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walking upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation that leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
So let's go back to the beginning of the robot term -- the Archieve play, there was always the concept that if we develop intelligent machines, there would be cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse.
It's not that machines first become smart and then male and trying to get into the world.
It's all opposite, that the impulse to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask yourself, how is it that looking for goals is left from this kind of marker?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help us build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conquer of stars and losing the planet we call "All "The "Span?"
But in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how it fits Earth in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the breast intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes up with.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance between them and their stem star.
In contrast, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the land planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this terrible term of potentially livable worlds, our own planet is bound under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most hot, radiologist.
Marine ice and sea ice that they've been with us for millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly passed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomy.
I study the planet resilience of the planet in the stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that looking for alien opportunities in the business sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets look like the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet recently discovered and the planets that we know better, our solar system.
Let's take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and robbery, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it is possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we studied so much to Mars.
Our rounds like the "grade, trace their surface to look for clues on the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit -- like the MAST mission, take samples from the atmosphere of the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their resistance.
private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the things that are able to live on Mars.
But even though all these Microsoft images remind us of the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with valued ideas and piloted ideas, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the deliberate areas of our planet that are still going to be collected by collapse, really extensive places compared to Mars.
Even in the richest and highest places on Earth the air is fresh and full of oxygen spread by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other driver planets have a big and sad salt, the implications and the belief of some that Mars will expect to save us from this inefficient altruistic of the only planet that we know is truly hostile, the Earth.
As much as I like international exploration, I'm in deep disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the Talk of the Titanic will tell us that the party actually will have place later in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation is not contradictive.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin, the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world look like alien paintings.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inherent areas of land, perhaps we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the French paradox.
A lot of years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked me, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are you?
Well, a possible solution to French paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between stars, they lose the notion of how important planets are protecting this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization, will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interactive exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for the human presence, then we should be able to overcome the most easy task to preserve the raised on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I broke my own home.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows and they were all right.
I thought about calling a crowd -- at least I had my cell phone, but at the midnight, a crowd could take a long time to come in, and it was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a flight early to Europe in the next morning, and I was happy for my passport and my suitcase to me.
It would be expensive, but sure that it wasn't more expensive than a cell at the middle night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was living well.
I am a career neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases coral rate that increases heart rhythm, modeling levels of adrenaline and named the thought.
And when I got to the shot show at the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started wondering, if there was something that I could do -- systems that could put in his place, that prevents that they happen bad things.
Or at least, if you have bad things happen, that symmetry the probability of it is total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't cross.
I was dealing with my colleague Danny Kalichmbar, who's won from the Nobel Prize, and a little bit embarrassed was told that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that something called protective refugees.
It's something he learned from psychologist Gary Kleine, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as the presentation.
Everybody knows what the puzzle.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the presentation, as Danny explained -- you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that could be wrong, then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things going on or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a presentation.
Some of them are opened, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will give you a place for things that are being lost easily.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory.
There is a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, where they live the fruit trees and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is actually addressed in London taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows the nurses to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the soft sense of the strikes and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, the very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move a lot, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys from the car, reading glasses.
So at home you design a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular caption.
For their reading glasses, a particular injury.
If you design a place and you're straight with it their things will always be there when you look at them.
What about travels?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit cards, drive, passenger, send themselves to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can make a difference.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when it's under stress, your brain releases cortical.
Costan is toxic.
So part of the profound practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on its site.
And there are perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, of having to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help you with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical argument.
But this is required as a drone for all of the decision decision-making, and in fact for the atom of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the fact that a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the lab result and the cholesterol is a little high."
They all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, heart attack, brain spinning.
So you're thinking that you have high cholesterol choice is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol self-destruction.
And maybe you've heard about the status, and you know it's one of the most remarkable drugs in the world today. It's even likely that you know people who take them.
So you think, "Yes, fix the status?
But there's a question that you should do then, a statistics that you should ask for most physicians don't want to talk, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for NASA, the number needs to try.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or support a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think of what kind of destroying it is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor won't give me something if it wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor of the doctor, and if it's somebody fault.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the Glemongoons estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely secular status -- what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the cynical researchers Jeremy Grabbe and Pacific Hurricane, confirmed independently by Blackberry.
I myself explore the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before we avoid a single heart attack, or a brain spill or another adverse event.
Now you might think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my cholesterol downloads.
Why not? Doctor? Give the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "The side of the side effects? Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things, wearing muscle pain and agental pain and gaming pain, but now they think, "The five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So think about how it would take this out over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that the drug will help you.
I don't say they should or not take the stability.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethic requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air by the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to be treated is quite typical.
For the surgery that is more done in the older men of 50, prostate from cancer, the number needs to treat is 49.
That's what it is, 49 surgeries for a person he's helped to.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impossible or the erectile dysfunction or present income, radio labelers, fecal income.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the presence is to think about the questions that you can pretend to drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things you talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change your opinion at the heat of the time, but unless you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol, under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that it takes a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
face-to-face face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if your body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. You could become the lunch of the lions so that none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes around the window during those stress moments is the rational logical thought, like Danny Kalle and his colleagues have demonstrated it.
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all defects.
We are all going to fail from time.
The idea is to think of the future how they might be those failure, to put the systems in the place that help him minimize damage, or to prevent that bad things happen in the first place.
Reduced the night of snow in Montana, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key to the entrance door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of emails that I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized -- but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "This is my favorite musical symbol ...
It means playing small.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "thing in the piece, you need to play more smaller.
Two pieces, even more smooth.
Four pieces, extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of "The Time, and you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of CDs can be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American sign system, the ASPA, besides a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came in the middle of the 1800, and over time, it mixes with local signs, and the language that we today know as ASPA.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, and they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following their rules, chemicals, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to the sound.
People are like my shops and amplify sound.
I learn and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't tie the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the potato footprint?
"Don't extend, and when you're eating, you would make sure you don't get the covers on the deliver."
All of this is called the sound "get?
Maybe I think of the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm super submitted to sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous the sound, which it's about to come next.
From there, this drawing.


3D, for announcing.
You can see that he has no notes on the lines.
That's because lines already contain sound through subtle and steamaditise.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal to "self-interest in AIDS."
A typical speaker has five lines.
However, to me, to do that with my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I just have four lines in the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resident there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and it called me the attention.
There was no visual art, it was all auditorium.
Now the sound has entered my field of art.
Is it going to distance more of the art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not only experienced through the ears.
I can feel it tactile or experience it visually, or even like an idea.
So I decided to reclaim sound ownership and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And all they had taught me as a sound, I decided to leave it and disappear.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was angel, it was something of a suns person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could be able to defend me and my artistic work, or I could be able to empower me.
I chose to be engaged.
There's a massive culture around the language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant to the current society.
So in school, at work and institutions, work with many different interests of ASPA.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, in asking for their voices, I am able to maintain a temporary form of value -- like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue to go on with this practice, I feel that I could get away in the forgotten and no social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium -- deep in the music world.
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and AIDS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ASPA.
The two are very space and highly modified what means subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals as the sound of sound.
I'd like to share you a metaphor on the piano, so you understand better how the AIMS works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ASPA is divided into many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body's movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while you touch the piano and the English is a linear language, like you put only one keyboard at a time.
However, the ASPA is more like a cheese, you need the 10 fingers in a simulated way to express a clear concept or an idea in ASPA.
If only a keyboard would change the chord. It will create a completely different meaning.
Same thing with music in terms of tone and toy and volume.
In ASPA, using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, I sign it on that.
This is the apple signal on that.
I'm looking at you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was startled.
Oh you.
What are you looking like?
Ah, good.
So I started thinking, and if I look at Asland through the minds of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of the steel, the sun comes out and it gets up.
This is "The day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it looks like a musical piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell me about "No night?
"All the night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of night, "All "the "The night "play" --  "The night "The night?
I feel that the third has more musical than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ASPA, and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one is a hand, two of them -- it's two hands, the present is closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is "I have a lot of time."
Then he said, "Do you make a "do and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "And one time?
"My common telescope, is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "mass common, I think automatically in "The same time."
Look at MOMA, right hand. MIT, left hand.
We have the shot through the head and the chest.
(Music: MOMA, take the called "The Child: (M: The "Chick" Mad." I'm going to teach you a form of hand called the filter tank."
Can you do it with me?
All of them in high hands.
Now we're going to do it so much in your head like chest, something like "mass common, or "the same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "to be in the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second thing I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "Colony in AIDS."
Now, the third one. Please do it again.
And again.
It's "grade?
We're going to do the three together.
"Serial "sleeping and "The "Turkey?
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in your head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ASPA is alive and pressure, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very clinical world.
And only because the ASPA has no sound, it doesn't automatically have social value.
We have to start to question what social value does and allow the Asland to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AIMS: Not to hear to learn music.
The ASPA is a rich test and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Denier Kaniancia, Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said, "You can encourage everything, but then you have to wipe it."
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble must say, because adults lie to protect us from the awful truth.
When I do older, I found out that adults also emerge and that they're not very good at cleaning the ones from others.
The time country, now I'm an adult and teach citizen and invention at Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for a lot for my students to walk around with a lot of garbage baseballs.
So as a good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a terrible thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this meaning of work with high state for the children that are very low as well.
And I'm going to tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
We do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine it into something we hope to work.
Instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are very excited about robots.
We then create quickly what we call "a prototype.
We're so quick in the production of prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and cameras into action, and we put it into a floating robot that will move slowly by water and the plastic we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic pieces slowly floating through the sensor while the computer on board to process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a website for inventors called "metaphors, with the hope that somebody else gets better still.
The cool thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and boom, they're trying to fix it immediately.
I will investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they set up the Internet, and they were taken with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning up a oil spill, just using the hands, in Santans, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water they drink -- it's the water in which it is based, the water where the fish is, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and mud and oil are also from brown color, and when everything is mixed up, it's very difficult to see what there is in the water.
But there is a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a sports that can fill through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help identify what's in the water.
We had this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I'm going to research a problem at a distance. I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half French and half French and maybe remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they had a number of giant waves -- called tattoos, and those tsunami described several cities on the east coast of Japan.
More than 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant of Funny, a nuclear center close to water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons still are leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has the performance pieces of pollution.
If we go to the West coast, we can measure Fulfish in all the parts.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe -- it's blue.
Well, reality is a little more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fisher every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring the kids.
Of course, we didn't take them, the parents didn't allow them.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different magicians.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously -- but they did it because they are going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data that day and we talk about what we were going to do next, the strategies -- the inevitability, etc.
And to do this, we created a rubbing map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced points to represent data in real time of radiation, and we run water to simulate rain.
With this we were able to notice that the radioactive dust was filtered from the top of the mountain to the rider system and defeated in the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition -- the closest to the nuclear center to the date.
We went up to a mile from the nuclear center, and with the help of fishermen in the area, we were collecting the sediment of the sea bed with a shame of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression -- we have gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optical oil, basically you can build almost all of it.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Accentroom, Accenture.
Heart Harvard. We asked questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
So for example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electric vehicles?
Plastic, oil and recording are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators -- we need to prepare the next generation to get care about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin fisheries, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk star.
One of them is synthetic the other organic one.
One is impose on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Michelle angel said that when he looked at the marble in the brother, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The aurochs was only a tool of Michael Age.
But living beings are not file.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, cells, we took all the information back to every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by radiation and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, by leveraging the imagination of designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a designers of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find humiliate material assessment in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with beetles with beetles.
The skins of the back are larger with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter -- the other primarily as a barrier, and yet, it's the same skin, there are no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that is gradually worth its functionality by variation of electronics.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and an architect to work currently between the Congo and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- is shown in the two screens after me.
My work, at the simplest level, tries to bring these two visions in the world, moving out of the assembly and coming up to growth.
You probably ask, why now?
Why wasn't this possible about 10 or even five years?
We live in a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they engage four disciplines that offer access to the tools we never had access to before.
And at the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, large scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a foundation to see that some day not very far print to print entire buildings, and graphics made of genetically engineered microscopes that shine in the dark.
Here we reinvent the cell, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each obesity is a unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt -- this was for a Park Paul Paul with Iran Van Heroesar. It's like a second skin made out of one single piece, round in the contaminated, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborator, we printed this layer and flow 3D without supports between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns resolution.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CD scanner.
The designers have access to this high resolution of high resolution and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues as well.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable and also absorb sound.
The Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irritation pattern, it becomes sustainable.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in recording, defendance and color, architects in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, makes its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but by continually dumping material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
Are there parts in nature?
I didn't raise myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came up to me and came to define a lot of what I mean.
Like she reflects, "In the third day of the creation, God sent the Earth to grow a crazy fruit tree of fruit.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land was growing trees with branches and cortex, sharks and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask, "What would design if objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation?
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of frugal tree material with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biochemistry on the planet is called the curious, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crab, screens and burns.
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-material structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marine.  We asked a lot of shrimp codes, we put them and we produce suits of success.
So variational the chemical concentration, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print the structures at the large scale, it was built a system with multiple refugees of religious controlled explosion.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made out of one material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural way to contact with the air.
So why do we continue to design with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain paradigm microbials that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we set up the bacteria designed genetically to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a problem of time to motorcycle, and if it extends even more, in windows.
A fruit of fruit crazy.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part, for objects designed for biologically, put in the sea, feed marine life, and put it on the ground, help grow a tree.
The focus for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We look for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain life for interconnected travel.
To do that, we must dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table -- we did our own team of elements -- new forms of life created computers, made in an additive form and incredibly augmented form of form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like liquid light, only instead of carrying precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing -- two microbials.
The first one is cybercriminal.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater states.
And the second one, E. cold, the bacteria that is living in the human intestine.
A turning light into sugar, the other one consume sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbials don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we have created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help them fly these bacteria and to make their way to do their function.
So we began to grow those channels in the human body, and they are facing the properties of the material according to the functional function.
If we wanted more photographs, we designed more transparent channels.
This transparent digestive system, when it goes from one end to another one, it takes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine in the ground.
And here it is, as an editor at TED, our first particular photography, liquid pathogenic channels with life within the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shey said, "We are past marriage creatures, only half is made.
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter.
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and support our bodies and support our bodies.
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you have to go back to nature.
Now, you know that a 3D printer prints material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do it like this.
It grows up.
This worm cave, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which they get metabolized.
The manufacturing is not about this level of sophisticated.
It does it through combination not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations in it.
One act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers into each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm is shown in the environment, it creates a tension structure, and then it starts a hydrogen comparison capture.
The tension and the commitment, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hydrop.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm cave.
However, when I put the silk worm on a flat park, not within a box, we realized that it triggers a flat camera and still sentenced severe.
So we started designing different environments, different antibodies, and we've discovered that the shape -- the composition -- the computer structure is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get rid of the silk worms to death within their careers, their silk goes up and used in the textile industry.
And we saw that designing these platforms, we could shape the dry silk silk without a single caption.
It would be self-decided and we could create these things.
So we scale this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot doing silk storms, and we put it on our site.
We knew that silk silk worms to darker and cold areas -- so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or obstacles, to block the rays of light and heat and distribute silk worms on the structure.
And we were ready to get the orbits.
We asked 6,000 silk worms to a silk silk farm.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to heat with us.
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding of the anticipation, and as they strike, criminalized, they were settled, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter a lot.
Buckminster Fuller said the tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
At the bit of the biological silk hydrogen on the robotic hydrogen silk, they give all this pain its integrity in it.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 6,000 barrels of silk seven miles 6,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The stacks, after the equation, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk ice through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers have to bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which brings us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make charge of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Hands up if you ever asked them, "What do you want to be a biggest?
If you had to remember what age they had when they first asked them this?
You can show it with the fingers.
Three, five, three, five, five.
Now, raise your hand if the question is, "What do you want to be a large?
It has caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who never could answer the question, "What do you want to be a biggest?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked the English school, the killing and the art and developed websites, and I also played the guitar in a pole band called Federal Telecommer.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this feeling of boring, this feeling of bench, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to the end.
And I have to leave it.
But then I was interested in something else, totally different, and I got myself on it, and I let me absorb and I feel "Yes, I've found my mine? And then again this point where I start observing.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first one was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, I would deny all my other passions and make it to benefit.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong with this, and something wrong with me not to define anything.
I worried to be afraid of compromise or being displaced, or assignment or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have asked you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it, they learned from culture.
We are asked first. What do you want to be a bigger?
We have about five years old.
And the truth is nobody matters to that age.
It's considered a naive question to make cute answers in children like, "I get an astronaut, or I would be about to be a piece."
They installed the Dallas distributed here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, and you know, the high school students are asking you to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be a biggest?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before the dream of the dream.
Why?
While this question is inspired by children to dream with what they might be, not inspired to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it's just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you get a good adult adult adult adults and say, "Oh, what nice but you can't be artistic and psychologist.
You have to choose.
This is Dr. Bob Chile -- and he is artifact and psychological arts.
And this Amy NG: Machine editories turned into a charity, business and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of living life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real speed, the idea that each one of us has something to do for their time in this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And you'll feel something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a microscope.
A multi-material is someone with many interests and creative activities.
It's a bit of a bit like that.
It could help if you divide into three parts of it, multiple potential, and give it.
You can also use other terms of the same idea, as a stranger, revelations.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was very good at multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sherpose refers to us as "a "ministers?
They use any term you like or invent your own.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the climate as a limitation or the application that you should get.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths by being this way.
Here are three self-sustaining superpower.
One, the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection of something new.
Sir Hahara and Rachel Bioni expressed their shared interests in mapping, visualization of data, travel, mathematics and design, when I was starting Mom.
Mom is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
Sher and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens at intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And the melting -- with all their straight services, can access a lot of these points in between.
The second military superpower is fast learning.
When the slavery is interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're bound to be principles, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
Many skills are transferred to other disciplines and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start from zero.
Not Donne is a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a little girl who was a perfect capacity to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest marketer known now.
Before they become a writer, no financial planners was a writing.
He had to learn the ultimate sales mechanics when they started their practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launches for the editors of the editors here.
It rarely is a waste of time to devote what you take to you, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you could not have anticipated.
The third military superpower is adaptability -- it is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Cambridge is sometimes director of videos, other pages designers, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes apparently apparently James Bond.
It's valuable because it does good work.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles and depending on the needs of their clients.
The Fast Communication Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unfortunately, which are the individuals and organizations that can be able to be able to engage the needs of the market -- the ones that will really thrive.
So synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability -- three skills where the slavery is very commodity, and three skills that you could lose if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the scanning to the self-destroying themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative creative thinkers to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly by knowing that they wanted to be peaceful neuroscience.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialist and a stressed multicurable.
The specialists can dive deep and put it into practical ideas, and modernism offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are arresting with how we are connected.
And, unfortunately, the self-related of the multiple people are encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: you remember with the inner wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then, special by all the media.
That's where you give the best of you.
But for the slavery in the room, including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes --  I say, remember with their many passions.
They follow his curiosity for those rabbit markets.
They explore the intersections, exploring them.
Alligating our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and more happy life.
And perhaps most important, the military, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman named Congolese took her to a psychiatric in Paradian.
And it was contracted and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Ales.
And Sweden didn't know how to help European, but I walked through it until unfortunately passed in 1966.
After his death, Sweden made an autonomy and found strange and eyes in the brain of Application, a guy who had never seen before.
Even more surprising.
If it had been alive today, we couldn't give it more help than Aless gave him 111 years ago.
The Alex was Dr. Aless Alzheimer's age.
And Congress Deterrin, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1991 medicine has moved a lot.
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from the infections, many treatments for cancer, antibiotics for the HIV and a lot more.
But it has been progressing in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for over a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's will be almost one out of each two.
In other words, there is probability that they spend their years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
Already in America, the care of Alzheimer's costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease, and its cost is a five times increase in the year 2050, as it aging the generation of the boom.
You may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the 10 causes of death around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one cannot prevent or cure or even slow its development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more of Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Albert is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 111 years, all of us, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to be healthy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison to the patient of Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to delivering a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduces significantly to life expectancy and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found strings and weird phones in the European brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that is posted as an origami.
There are places in the paper that are logically.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots are left on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick with each other, forming groups that can form big plates and eggs.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identifying of what step is complex, as a bomb.
Clear a cable could do anything.
Counter the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, they have reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematicians and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now it's testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
No one outside of our lab has seen it yet.
So let's look at a few videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms of worms.
These are the healthy worms -- and you can see that they move normally.
These worms -- on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick each other inside of them, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they will save and live a normal life.
This is just a positive outcome, but the research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 111 years of wait, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's and we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to know that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we tried, we can play it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and experience pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators about scientists.
That was essential to move in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, care of their loved ones day and night, are often too unhappy to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases, a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Asia, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
Help to talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by testing myself one night of the past summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: Two strangers are taken to make 36 more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12, if you could wake up morning with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28,000. When was the last time you cry to another person?
And just ...
In the middle of it goes forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30, I really like it? Tell your partner what you care about or her, I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled on this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the cost that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with somebody who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love it.
However, we fell in love with it, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Moma Moment a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's an Andrew, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together still ...
And the reason I think you think about this is because I've done this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this question is just about what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been struggling to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entrance can come to a few hundreds of views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times is probably a few thousand views.
And that is a good attention to a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday -- they had already called me the TED Show and the Google Morech America.
In a month, the paper received over eight million visit, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with signatures about your own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the love life of one has been international news --  -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks -- always first asked the same question: still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email of my email with the phrase, and they follow together."
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked me.
And yet, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage, "Hey Mandela where your non-zero?
And I immediately got red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the mushroom of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have completed life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both made a public emergence together.
He took TV interviews, and you record the orders of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the immediate icon of the interface process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute ratio.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was able to produce lost love, not just an adventure, but real love, lovely love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know whether or not, and to tell them?
If the answer was not, I would do the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for forming interpersonal approach between university students, using what Aurora called openness and sustainable personal openness, progressive and recipery.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it, several later studies also used the Fate Fried of Arab as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history -- which I tried last summer, which combine personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts college, and then a student came up to me and said to me with the tissue: I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed distant for it.
And I said, "Do you want to say that you fall in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause here.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, but became better friends?
Did you feel that they were able to know better after testing the study?
The assault.
So, it worked. I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled in with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I came back in science.
I built everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment, I thought I just researched for the book I wrote about, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought if I was held with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one other way.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also look at me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I find from love is a surgery, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but I will continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love it.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very accurate story, because love makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask, still follow together?
And its content with a Yes or not.
So more than a question, to propose that we ask questions harder questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated -- and how do you know when to cut and distribute."
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love anybody.
So, if you want the short version of my relationship, this is this one, a year ago, a meeting and I applied a design study to create romantic love, we fell in love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, the love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that is supposed to be that choice.
I don't know how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times will you have to keep making that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone as generous and nice and fun and express that choice in the largest daily newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really think about.
And what I'm looking for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy impact in my article title, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't really write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening. But that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lessons in the mountain and in a way, I got a forest folks.
The city in New York is a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more details ahead of it.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I turned a bill of a dollar, a feather and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado somewhere.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a moment I was in Hawaii, and I like to go and make it surface and all those weird things, and I was doing a collective for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages up and I made a kind of called alternative climbers to the Agnes Martin, the resistance covered and a bee was stuck in.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resident in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite -- somehow it seemed to increase in size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying light.
So I was doing more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow tracks, draw the same way you do around a cafe in the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own toxic specimens.
First, basically, that you can make an idea.
Then I did a few insects and strangers and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I am interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings within layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resident was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing in glass layers, similar to drawing on a window, then in another window and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resistance.
So I did this for years, and my work full with something very big, which I call "The "Turkey?
For the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The Deletion, I was inspired by a lot of the grass of the debt of Heroes Boston who is a painting at the Museum of Pragmatic in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the "The Thermale." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
5,000 feet long.
It's a double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation to this analog mesh deliberation where they hide.
This is where creatures with the head of animals are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a recently.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the horizon -- the helicopter of the spill -- Warner, the Summik bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
And anyway, a kind of multinational dimension.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spitting oil in a hand while from the other hand comes out of clouds.
Their hands are kind of banks, and it looks like a missionary that holds Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of the "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "The "Thing?"
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I shoot.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trick, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds from this trick.
It also has a $1.2000004.
Anyway, his tail was looking at a fire when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go, you know.
Her tail ends up in an eye eye of clinic made out of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen it?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball barriers.
Very ahead of his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called propaganda.
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encouraged, dictionaries or magazine.
But each act as a kind of an archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them. It's getting me years.
Each one is basically a microscope speech that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave in the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest. You can turn it into the entrance there.
I'm going to get you through the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or not or whatever it does, sort of angry stuff.
It's a quick shot of these works because I can't tell you for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body game in half.
This has two head, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange status.
There's a little forest scene inside the threat canopy.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a balloon box. It's called Penson Worsoph.
Within this box there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio suit, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We mix the box and all the people in the collection with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you're reduced who is and the box you're living in.
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with humor and certainly we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take an astronomy.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first through the stomach, interfaces and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and inexpensive system so that any drug is running in the body.
The depression, however, is that when you plot any drug it gets sick.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs -- they serve to reduce the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the comet of CPU.
But they're also known for their side effects, mostly negative, because in time that you take to reach the blood stream, they get disturbed, and worse even for the time you take to get to its destiny, which is where it is more important, in the HIV deposit of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes -- the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is inhalily, and it doesn't go easily in the blood transition of the patients that are fed into the working therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem in the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that are a life treatment that is managed by the water.
And one day, I sat and thought, "Can we make the treatment directly to the discussion of the virus, without the risk of distribution of medications?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you're used in dentistry, for wounds of wounds and diabetes surgery, you can use for anything you can imagine, including the intellectual transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best thing is, "How is that possible?
We send a little bit of a powerful laser ray on the cellular membrane of HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microbes.
Before you even notice, the hole is immediately represented.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or plate plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three-dimensional head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incident on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injury that distributes the drug, releases it directly into the site of infection, while the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem much about time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of the HIV of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied non-linear armed groups, armed organizations like terrorists, insults or military.
They document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand these generating agents of violence and studying ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation, nonviolent participation.
I work on field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No no.
Now it's a conflict between states and actors not government.
For example, from the 216 peace agreement between 1975 and 2011, 1966 signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we even have to engage them or drive them into any process of resolution of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do, but no one looks at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to delete them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Hormon Bionetic, known for his violent contrast against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Heroe has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinian Palestine, known by their suicide attacks against Israel, also ruled the Gaza Frances since 2007.
So these groups make more than just shooting out.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex machinery of communication, radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IRMS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
And armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising rate without shoots, but by the profitable business, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funding, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they run hospitals, they put professional training programs or microscope training.
Hello offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state is not gradually, security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan delused by war or even the beginning of the IRMS accelerator, can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap leaves the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think of the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hypothesis.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and political groups, participating in violent struggle and giving governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated are these organizations, less we can engage them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Herrix?
Part of a territory, they manage all their functions, they collect the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a refugee?
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
And what is IRCA?
The lines were depressed.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hyperbolic nations, and the richer the states are, like in the Middle East today, more interviewing and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
To fill that gap of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and consume peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we will understand better what incentives will to encourage the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-zeros actors, military power can win some battles, but it won't give us peace and stability.
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum of security, to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions on gender equality are version, but I fear that it will openly accept the tag of "Space would be unfair for the feminists.
I'm a feminist -- but pretty bad.
And therefore I was controlling myself as a bad feminist.
Or at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The bad feminist and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Marille Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke unleashed myself and a deliberate proposition, has become something larger.
Let me take a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20 years, I had strange ideas about feminist, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex -- like that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that it could be a feminist thing.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who ask too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are regularly, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same shot for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of access or violence.
We have right to use easy and accessible to the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative controls or evolutionary doctors.
We have the right to the respect.
There is more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to have on account our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We need to be aware of these differences and how they affect us, in the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident. But to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist female.
I have another conference.
When I lead to work, I hear rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degrading women, and I was profoundly offered to me, the classic "Spanish Shake, from the Iron Earth Twitter is incredible.
"I have reality with your walk touch.
Perceiva, give it to you until you beat your content?
Think about it.
Port poetry, right?
I'm completely governed by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the garbage collect, the care of the grass and the mapping maintenance of the mass and the mapping maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and nice things.
I can see "The Baliet and romantic comedy, and I have abstract fantasies of the stories that you get reality.
Some of my crimes are more destined.
If a woman wants to adopt your husband, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is trained so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
We solve this problem.
I reject conventional feminist that has ignored or delivered historically the needs of color women, workers, gay and transgendered women, in favor of white women, helicopters, middle class and high.
Listen to it, if that's good feminism -- I'm a very bad feminist family.
The next thing is going on -- as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put down feminist feminists in a pedestrian.
We hope that they rely on perfection.
When we got rid of them with a lot of taste from the same fish where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I already consider me from that fish before they try to put it there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be tagged as a feminist.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means for fear of fear not to be able to deal with little realistic expectations.
Let's take Berkeley in Berkellow, or as I call it the God.
Over the last few years it's a declined feminist film.
In the music Vietnam Army of 2014, at MIT, I act in front of the word "successful of three feet high.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this star of the pop to open the feminist and make women know and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started independent debates if Bell was or not quite feminist.
Instead of simply believing the word of an adult and dung woman.
We demand perfect feminists, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so heavily a lot.
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism to draw the feminist of any woman, to detect it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminism -- or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of park.
But what happens next?
We were going to be able to recognize our imperfections. It will go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear debt music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we make change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does his music have to be so painful?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when the bad decisions are justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think about my shells, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decisions and brilliant, and also very valuable. I want you to grow up in a world.
Where you find it for the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is visible as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sports -- the Treat Game goes.
We can change radio emission when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the cinema somewhere else when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners.
In any case, men, especially white men -- helicopters can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, so much to participate like making decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people.
Those of us who are superstars, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making posts.
Because we're not less personal. No other efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the direction of directors and film producers and music, NGOs, the legislators -- the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also claim to value our feminism -- well, bad or any network.
The last line of my book "Martin Feminist," says, "Let's be a bad feminist to not be at all."
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say it -- especially because I opened my voice to me and the feminist helped me get to it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
So a few kids were disappointed when I was too young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as if it was anything.
I started to believe it wasn't anything.
I stole my voice, and then I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing.
And with it I went back to writing.
I was reminded of a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it wasn't anything.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other hand, I hold the humiliate reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little brave -- when more you need such a value.
Right after Christmas last year, 132 children in California had a measles for having discussing Disagement or for being exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, including more than 100 children in Europe.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an immune immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the children involved in the disappearing outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, was not the article that broke the policy on autism and the destroyed vaccines, described and marked by being a deliver fraud by the British Medical Joseph?"
Doesn't you believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupid?
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world are still trying to have vaccines put their children into their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and personalities who had heard about her believed to develop all his professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting out.
Foundation raising organizations like Autonomous South Aston refer to autism.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
So if you ask people in the Center of Disease Disease what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "communications diagnosis, and "the best detection detection, to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't drive a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two year-old son, visual contact.
If diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow, cleaning progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist -- Leo Kanda, from Johns Hopkins Hospital in 1945, Kandan published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to have private worlds who seemed to have private worlds -- no people around their own parents.
They could fun for hours by holding their hands out to their faces, but they were prey of the panic per metaphor as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kandan special that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as the main authority of the world in the subject, I declare that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome while collecting references from as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because Kander criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very remotely.
For example, they will stop giving that diagnosis to children with conventions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He once realized that he had become nine out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kandan was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certified.
It claims autism as a form of child psychologists caused by cold parents and descended.
These kids, he said, have been careful in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kandan noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that are running in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before they turned two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said, "General.
But Kandan had a bad opinion of these skills, analyzing things like children were simply regret what they had heard of their feet personally, desperate to win their approval for it.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible to the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kandan that autism was weird.
So Lord William, political psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the German mother's theory was quite stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and assisted, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
So So So John and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as Susan without support services, no special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
In order to defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and families and South and their colleague, Judith Gold decided to do something that was done 30 years before.
They did a study of prevalence of autism in the general population.
They took a suburb in London called Rachaman to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw left clear that Katrina model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, while others were embedded in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the genius of the done.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in nice, assessment squares as Justin, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monolithic model of Kander would have predicted.
At first, they were lost for trying to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have been perceived from these kids before?
But then I found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the year next year to the Kandarin article -- and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kandan knew about this piece of competition, but it avoided something exactly to mention in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Sunday husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran a clinic integrated with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger's for children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music classes with music, and kids followed their games in Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Aspera described it as a police disability of life that required compassionate support and space forms for the course of life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable to them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a very diverse continuum that would take a surprising variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in archeologists known in popular culture as the tour social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was beyond even until he said, that for success in science and art, a pile of autism is essential.
So Korea and Judith found that Kandan was wrong in which autism was infected, so the parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychology to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that reflect the diversity of what they called an autistic "complete?"
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into the vehicle, replacing the limited model of Kander by a broad and inclusive one of Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in a row.
Clearly when So Jurito and Judith worked between baseballs to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before "Steve Man came out, "The Man, in 1988, just a little circle, who was commissioned by experts knew what the autism was, but after the inevitable performance of Dusey House like Rachelle Barbara and the recognition of "The Man, with four prize prize and personalized records, psychopaths, teachers, teachers and fathers around the world knew what the autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical evidence to diagnose autism.
I didn't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to make a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "The Man, the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a net effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses started to elevate, just like So they predicted So So and Judit, they actually expected it to be, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and the services that they deserve.
So Andrew War came to blame vaccines for the increase in the diagnosis -- a simple one, powerful, and service story as bad as the Kander theory that autism was infected.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are in the spectrum, it's right, autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances -- taking the term "slows to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to the autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit of attention to detail.
Without doubt, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which believed that the "unclear aspects of autism are in understanding teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zoorie Zagan once said, "We need all the hands in the cover to get the boat of humanity."
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
